We’ve always been great friends. In fact, we’re the best of friends, attached at the hip. Or... were. I don’t know anymore.

It all started at the beginning of this year. We spent more time together than ever. We grew closer and closer, yet farther apart. I started finding myself becoming more and more reliant on you at the same time you were becoming more and more distant. It took me some time to realize your distancing yourself was in response to my reliance all because you don’t handle empathy well. You think time alone is the answer. For some people, it may be, but for me, it isn’t. It never was. While I fully understand your demeanor now, I don’t think you ever have recognized mine. Two pieces of a beautiful puzzle that won’t fit. And yet I still continued to try to change you— in the process I’ve been frustrating myself to no end.

It doesn’t feel right to continue to be friends with someone who I have an underlying contempt for, but I’m not ready to throw away years of memories. At the same time, it doesn’t feel right to be having an underlying contempt for you. Sure, you didn’t stick up for me when you could have or pick me up when I was down. Maybe it was an unrealistic expectation of you, stemming from my own self-expectation to do so for others. I forget that people deal with issues in their own ways. Comfort goes by many names. Some are extroverted, some not so much. That’s what I keep trying to tell myself, anyways. But as soon as I’m convinced, I just begin to feel like shit all over again. It’s an endless cycle of the two voices in my head going back and forth, blaming myself in either case— for letting myself give you too much credit for my happiness and well-being or putting up with a friendship which, unknowingly to myself, is clearly toxic to an outside eye. This is not Berkeley related but I just have to get it off my chest. Unions are evil. *Modern* unionized labor is just another form of racial oppression. Many unions have a system which favors those who have seniority, not those who are the most qualified. They may preach inclusiveness and diversity and they may even back bills that demand diversity in work places, but when it comes down to it, those in power are those who have been loyal to the system for the longest. In other words, since racial discrimination was at its worst only a few decades ago (it’s still there but it’s clearly improving in many industries), minorities with the most professional qualifications are often mostly in the younger generations. However because of unions, oppressed minorities face compounded institutionalized racism as they are often not favored by the unions pretending to protect them due to their lack of seniority. This means when budget cuts roll around, old white folks (who probably can’t even operate their iPhone let alone the computer they need for their job) keep their position but younger more vulnerable and more diverse workers get the axe.

Remember, unions are the ones that pushed for the whole protection from that “age-ism” bullshit just to keep unproductive dinosaurs from losing their jobs. Three Cups Pizzle (三杯鞭子) is one of my favorite Taiwanese fusion dishes. Not only that, but the texture of the meatballs in that Meatball Soup (貢丸湯) is quite amazing. It makes me go a little crazy on it to be honest. Like, I cannot get it far enough down my throat to be satisfied. I’m only satisfied when I feel my jaw caressing those chewy, basil-infused, umami slices of gelatinized tissue that could entertain me all day long. I sit back on my heels, look up at you and feel your signature meat gumming up my whole mouth while my drool is still running down my neck, right until when my glasses aren't fogged anymore as I just finish that second and last ball with the last gulp of soup. While that blood transfusion machine is helping you stay alive and get back to health, you cannot even speak when I ask you if I did a good job because you're so tired and dazed after I just downed all that you gave me to eat….. That’s when I’m satisfied. How come when someone has an extra chromosome they get less features? Like if you had 1 more you would think you get 1/46th more brain power but you actually get 1/46th the brain power. Also if you have 2 y chromosomes does that mean you get 2 penises? Always wanted to ask this. I dated a girl from our freshman to junior years. We lived in the same door, were that classic nerdy freshman couple who bonds over struggling on 61A and Crossroads. Ended up breaking up because she cheated on me. People always say that when someone cheats they feel super angry and all that shit, but honestly I never felt that way. I've moved on, found a new girl, but I guess my feeling would be moreso disappointed. We had so much great stuff together, and seeing her with her current bf (who she complains to me about from time to time through text) doesnt make me angry.. its more like.. disappointed..

idk its hard to put into words. anybody else feel this way? i feel like a parent who is talking about their kid who has so much potential, but when wastes it all away because of like a drug problem or something. im not going to be angry about my kids failures/ struggles, but im going to feel disgusted at how big of a waste it is. Meeting you has made me realize how fucked up I am mentally and emotionally. It's not so much the annoying things you do. It's more of the things that make me fall even harder for you. It's how your adorable laugh makes my heart dance. It's how your sweet eyes look at me in a way that makes me feel like I'm the prettiest girl on Earth. It's how the rosy smell of your hair calms me down and how your soft arms make me feel safe and secure.

19-year-old me would've found this romantic. But the thing is, it's not. It's insane and it's fucked up, because it's all these that are the reason why my loneliness intensifies the moment you leave my bed and how my anxiety gets the best of me when we're apart.

You don't know any of this and I pray it stays that way. Maybe someday I'll tell you all about it. But right now, I'm trying my best for it not to show.

Meeting you has made me realize how fucked up I am mentally and emotionally. But you know what? Meeting you has also given me a reason to fix myself.

I promise I'll get better. Just don't leave me until then, okay? Because I really want you to be there when I can finally say I'm all right.

Please? This moodiness might just be a side effect from the pill but here:

I spend too much time lying in bed, feeling pitiful for myself. I’ve shed too many tears. Perhaps venting on this platform will lead me into doing something productive. Sometimes I feel like I don’t belong. Not as in I don’t belong at Cal but life. My mom, my siblings, they’re so good to me yet I don’t treat them well enough. I’m a hypocrite, a crowd pleaser, a manipulator, a liar, and dare I say it, the other woman. It ended, not because I realize I did something wrong since I felt no guilt for someone I despise, but because of my pride of confessing that it wasn’t just an affair for me. I never learned how to love, thanks to my dysfunctional parents, and the relationships I’ve had with my previous significant others were extremely short lived. Like they’re all less than a month. No, I did not fall for them. But I fell hard for the cheater.

Now I feel like I’ll never find love. Cal has brought me nothing but players seeking for physical “romance,” while I’m still a hopeless romantic stuck in pain. Countless of guys brought my expectations up but end up being the kind of boys they are. I hate who I am. I had a very difficult time during the first half of last year. Recently, I’ve been so focused on my looks and charms that I butched my GPA into a 2.997. Yes, I was so close to a 3.0. I take more time at the gym than at studying. I’ve got the perfect body I’ve always desired, bought all the makeup and clothes I wanted, but what did I gain? Nothing. I feel the void, and I want nothing more than someone to help me grow so I can fix my problems and do the same for another. I need another person to love as I learn to love myself as well.

Next semester will be challenging as I will be taking all the hardest classes, and I hope things will get better, too. To anyone who slightly relates to me (not saying anyone would, I know I’ll probably receive some backlash for this confession), I wish you well and hope you will find the happiness you deserve. There's this guy that I really like, and we've been talking for about a month. During finals week we met up and lost track of time just talking to each other, for eight hours straight. A few days ago he told me he was interested in me. He messaged me first the next day (what's up) and I responded normally (going indoor skydiving). It's been a few days and he hasn't responded to anything I say, he doesn't even open my messages. I don't know what to do cause I really like this guy but I don't want to be clingy and I don't want to believe that he ghosted me after saying he liked me. Advice please? What sucks about being a re-entry student is that i'm a lot older than the majority of students on campus (i'm in my late 20's,) so its hard to find someone my age to hook up with. I avoid flirting with classmates cause they're more than likely be 20-21 and that's too young. Welp. I have friends that are much less wealthy than my family, yet they spend tons and tons of money on extraneous goods and unnecessary expenses that put them into debt. All I want to do is shake them and scream into their face, why are you so stupid? Have you no common sense? These people are on financial aid, barely get enough financial aid per month to cover food and living costs, and then pick an exorbitantly high rental property just because they can’t stand living with roommates anymore. Well surprise surprise, if you’re poor, you’re gonna HAVE TO. These people would rather put themselves into debt than live within their means for the rest of college. At least my parents taught me how to manage my money, AND they didn’t raise a dumb cunt. The level of foolishness doesn’t stop here, I just can’t enumerate all the stupid decisions they have done in one confession. I get an existential crisis whenever I scroll through Confessions because all the fake, joking confessions I submit get posted and all my deep, thoughtful ones that I submit get rejected by the mods. Maybe my facade is realer than my actual self. I tell my friends about some people I've ghosted often, particularly those who wish to date/sleep with me. Why? Cause I think it forces the weirdos to look at themselves, and also who doesn’t benefit from avoiding those fuckers? On the first date, I may say “I was astounded by how creepy he was” but am I telling the truth? Yes and no. Yes, because, well, I did feel that he exuded a off-putting vibe and I would think most people would agree. No, because he actually didn't do anything that constitutes harassment and I never felt violated by him per se.

Sometimes it helps me, myself too, making sure that I don’t subconsciously let my guard down. Like I may hear them saying they go to therapy to get better with social cues and I say that as long as you're putting in your due diligence you should be ok. Well, I am not lying, but it is also not all I have in mind. Obviously I am not gonna feel totally comfortable around you because you definitely have trouble taking hints.

This happens in bed too. I usually take a short break, to tell “even though you're not a bad person, I didn't like it and I should be going” and then tell my friends that they should try to stay far away from him. Am I lying? Yes and no. Yes, because he didn't actually break any boundaries and I would have reported him to the police if he did. And no, because, many people are wonderful in bed, but you the though of seeing him partially or fully naked makes me recoil intensely.

I may even pretend I am fine with being around you if you want to stay after such bad sex ‘because we can just talk and it's late’, but to be honest, most of the time I'd rather dash out of there and run however many miles back to my house to sleep alone instead of spending another minute around you.

Unfortunately, sometimes they cannot understand the line between someone expressing interest and someone just tolerating their presence after a bad experience. I have warned everyone around me a lot over the years that sometimes I am not even aware of it. This is actually bothering me a lot, but well, I have also learned how to take advantage. Nowadays, if I realize that if I actually think a person was worth spending time with, I tell them the exact same horror stories as I do to my platonic friends. It works very well; the expansion of the network of people who are aware of these pathetic incels starts to accelerate in a few days, and tell me who wouldn't want to know these useful tips? I think that my current reputation might be getting better soon, due to shit kind of fading out. However, if it is that's really good timing because I am REALLY starting to desire this one girl I barely know, but she's apparently best friends with this one friend of mine. I see her in their pictures, and damn, she's soooo gorgeous. They also apparently have been this close for a really long time, which helps me trust her to not slander me in front of anyone even if things don't work out the way I hope.

My dream is that, instead of lurking for another semester to wait for my reputation to clear, me and this girl could have a thing. We'll hide our meetups and hookups enough that it wouldn't trigger anyone to suspect that I'm being physically intimate with anyone, but still allow people know that we're platonic friends. Idk, that idea of forcing people to evaluate their socially conditioned prejudice and my fwb subverting the dominant narrative about me is just really hot, and I think that it would serve as a big middle finger to my haters as well 😍 After you were done throwing up and your dad and I carried you to your bed during your 21st birthday party, the rest of us stayed up. We were talking at the dinner table when your parents asked me if you were gay in front of all of your bro friends and your two sisters. It was weird being the only gay guy there and being put on the spot like that, all eyes in the room, silent with judgmental curiosity, on me. You say you're straight, and I have no right to out you to your parents who've admitted to not being accepting of LGBT things (the same parents who told you they don't like you hanging out around a feminine gay guy like me), so I lied. I told them you're straight. I didn't tell them you liked to hold my hand. I didn't tell them you used to love smiling at me, looking into my eyes before you kissed me, your arms around my waist. I didn't tell them we've slept together a few times, but only when you're drunk, because that's the only time I'm attractive to you. You told me to keep everything a secret because if word got out you slept with me, another man, you wouldn't get into the frat you wanted to get into. I felt so betrayed. I said it was okay, but I cried for hours in my dorm. Since we never spoke again after this, I never got to tell you that this happened at your party. Lying to them hurt so much. Pretending we had nothing hurt so much, but I did it for you. So you could be happy. So you could join that frat. It hurts to see you with all those girls at your frat parties on your Insta/Snapchat stories, always breaking up with them before the one month anniversary passes. Your friends still think you're straight, though. I hope I did you well. After everything, I hate you so much, but I forgive you. Like I always have. I still hope somewhere deep down, you love me. I know it's unrealistic. But I never stopped waiting for you. And now I don't know if I ever will. “Life implies death — or shall I say, death implies life.” ~Alan Watts.
I am pro-choice. That means I believe a sentient and sane human being should have the right to choose life or not. That means the choice to abortions, but also to suicide.
I feel like this view would get a lot of hate simply because we live in such a pro-life world, where “death” is seen as the worst thing ever. Umm, no. I’ve lived through horrors that are worse than living at all (but if I start listing them then I won’t be anonymous so you’ll just have to take my word for it that it’s been and will continue to be a painful life). I was suicidal once, but I’ve gotten through it so I love life right now and I’m so thankful that my experiences have made me stronger and all that cheesy stuff blah blah blah. That hasn’t made me change my mind. I have seen similar or worse things happen to others and they have not become stronger because of it; on the contrary, they’re quite pitiable. So I would not wish these experiences even on my worst enemies because they’re only half of what contributes to our identities.
The point is, there are some unspeakable horrors in life that are much worse than the emptiness of death, and not everyone can spiritually survive it. Sometimes it turns us into despicable and/or pained people. They say that suicide is a permanent solution, but they forget that not everything is a temporary problem. I believe in death with dignity — assisted suicide and euthanasia — if the person’s already-poor quality of life will not improve, or even if it would suck the livelihood out of a person to try to get through their “temporary” horrors. We put our beloved animals to sleep, so why are we so against respecting the wishes of fellow human beings?
I plan on dying by my own choice. Hopefully it will be legal by then — after all, I do intend on enjoying what I have now, so hopefully I won’t need to for some decades at least. But I know that a natural death will be excruciating for me, so I’m being proactive in avoiding that. And there’s only one way. I will rest in my own time, not because of nature and some societal expectation.
In the meanwhile, I wish society would stop judging suicide (NOT SUICIDAL IDEATION RESULTING FROM MENTAL ILLNESS) as weak or absurd. People are only as strong as they can be, and sometimes choosing death is the hard but necessary choice. I feel like I’m the only person who likes the rain and cold. Everyone on campus just bitches about how bad the climate is in the winter but I love to just sit out in the rain or walk around without an umbrella.

When I was a freshman I used to sit on the balcony and just zone out and enjoy the rain. The only problem is I’d scare the shit out of people by suddenly slamming the balcony door open when I came back inside.

I guess I’m just looking for other rain lovers. Please, if you fuck with the rain HMU Before I start I'd like to ask anyone who knows enough to identify me to not tag me. It really wouldn't help anything.

My brother is bipolar and it's been tearing my family apart for almost four years now. He spent two hours yesterday venting on me after I called him self centered for forgetting about my back condition again. He just kept screaming at me about his friends not wanting to see him when he's been gone for two years, our dad not letting him drive with the excuse of him not having insurance, his lack of independence when he's 24 years old, and many more things besides. My heart breaks for him, but each one was punctuated with a "FUCK YOU" and he kept slipping in references to being self centered to hammer it in. And I just fucking can't. I just can't anymore.

He had a nightmare last night about our dad dying so he woke me up at 5:30am because he didn't want to be alone so I kept him company but he just KEEPS making messes in the kitchen and wasting food and slamming doors and being rough with my dad's VERY expensive sound equipment and he slammed the fridge and something broke so I'm cleaning up the glass and he's just sitting there chain smoking cigarettes and then I asked him something about letting someone know he wouldn't need a ride and he just screamed "fuck you I know what I'm doing" and threw my suicidal best friend that I don't talk to anymore in my face saying to go save him if I'm so holy and I just broke.

I laid in bed for half an hour bawling with my cat because my sister is at school and my parents are away and I just can't anymore and I feel so shitty that I can't do more for him because I know however bad it is for me it's a thousand times worse for him but I'm not a saint you know?

... My God I need therapy to get through this. I honestly don't know why I haven't started seeing someone yet. I'm gonna go with on that.

Thanks for being a good place to vent. I understand if you don't decide to post it, just being able to vent anonymously helps. So late in the night I was thinking about my future and if I'd have a family. People have been asking me why I'm single, and I'm thinking sis I'm motherfucking gorgeous, smart as fuck (not gonna flex my GPA bc that's rude), and a shit ton of fun to be around how is someone gonna add to that? Okay I apologize for the other flexes but I'm feeling myself tonight. Moving on I fucking love my friends to death already I don't need someone to be a better friend/one you can smash. Like all my SOs become succcchhhh a drag after a while wanting to spend all their time with me. And I'm always like bruh if we hang out every day what are we supposed to talk about like nothing's changing we're doing everything together. JESUS. I want to constantly be improving and I just feel like SOs limit you in so many ways like you always gotta account for their feelings and plan your life with theirs in mind. Boring!
Anyway the main reason why I was thinking I should get a boyfriend is so people will stop bugging me. He can one day become my house husband / stay at home dad. We can adopt some kids. Kids are cute n fun but also annoying as hell and a chore to push out.
Sooooo what I've been telling people is that I am single because I am focusing on myself and my individual growth and don't want anyone to slow me down. In all seriousness, I have been wrestling with this realization that I am incapable of loving anyone on the deep level I believe people in relationships hold each other to. I have no idea why, but loving someone that deeply seems impossible. I feel like I am more tolerant of flaws in my friends, and that is how I love them so much, but once it's someone who could be an SO, I start seeing all their flaws. I feel disappointed by them and like it is settling. Never settle, ladies & gents & others. Every time I get an SO, I cannot shake that feeling of settling. I wonder if anyone relates. I’m wondering about the definition of virgin. I somewhat failed getting laid with my ex for the very first time bc truth is that we didn’t actually go through the full procedure(like he just opened the door, one step in and turned around). Am I still considered a virgin now?? CW: Rape

My ex told her friends that I was great in bed, some details included. Something that I actually didn't feel very comfortable with but I also didn't took many attention to it. I only discovered that because some of her friends approach me to know more about me since for them I was 'available'. One of her friends made me a proposal. She told me she was inexperienced and since I was so great she wanted to pay me to go to bed with her to teach her some things. I obviously felt insulted and said no.

Some days later I was at a party and the same girl kept insisting really hard. It made me feel very uncomfortable not only because of the situation itself but because I was with someone else. Later that night she apologized and offered me a drink. I felt so relieved. Turned out she had put something in that drink. I don't remember things very well. I just have flashes in my head until this very day. It was very weird like I couldn't control my body. She took me to her house against my will and started to undress me. I said I didn't want it to. I felt so disgusted. I kept insisting I wanted to leave but she kept saying I would going to love it. She was always in control of the situation. I tried several times to go away but I was so drugged that I barely could stand up. She took my clothes of and started kissing me. I remember crying hopeless without managing to get her of me. She tied me to the bed and started to give me a bj. Then she went on top of me and she forced me to have sex with her. I felt so humiliated. Didn't know what to think what to do. I passed out and don't remember much about the rest. I woke up with her still by my side. I was very afraid. Didn't know how to deal with the situation. She said it was the best sex of her life. That my ex was right and that she was very luck. That it was all worth it. I was in shock and couldn't say a word. She told me that she didn't care what I would tell anyone cause no one would believe me. No one would care and in fact people would just make fun of me. For a while I seek helped but found no information about it. I finally gain the courage to tell my friends about it. It was a mistake. she was right. No one believed me.

Some people might not believe this because of the fact that obviously a guy needs to be excited in order to commit the act. It's actually kinda hard to explain. It's just the same as the girls that have orgasms when raped. Obviously they are not enjoying it. It's a biological process over the body that you cannot control whatsoever. Thought I'd end up with Harv
But I got waitlisted
Wrote some essays for UChicago
Now I read and laugh
Even almost went to USC
And for Cal, I'm so thankful
Wish I could say, "Thank you" to Stanford
'Cause she was my dream.

I am actually very happy I chose Cal; I was just feeling creative ^. Heading into my last semester, I feel really grateful for all I have learned and all the beautiful people I met here. There's a gentle softness in my fellow bears that brings me such a deep calm. I've been living with an undiagnosed mental illness for a few years now. For the most part I am able to function day-to-day, hiding my pain behind a smile. But since coming to Berkeley, dealing with my illness has gotten worse. I used to deal with more stereotypical depression, going through these prolonged periods of inescapable sadness that made me want to hide in bed until the feelings passed. Recently, this depression has become less a numbness and more an acute and almost physical pain that brings me to the edge of tears or screaming. I feel an overwhelming self-hatred in my chest, and all I want to do is rip out my heart and make the pain stop.

This is what scares me. I feel like I am going insane. It seems I underestimated my mental illness. The depression is growing more intense, and it only seems to be getting worse. Most days, I can hardly imagine myself alive in ten years. When the depression is at its worst, I only feel the strength to endure a few more of these depressive episodes before I do something to hurt myself. It's exhausting to go through these mood swings, and it is almost impossible to function when it is a struggle just to stay alive to see tomorrow.

I know I have a wonderful life and much to be grateful for, but I still can't escape this darkness in my mind. The sad thing is that Berkeley might be a partial cause of my worsening state. College is a place where you are never truly alone. No matter where I go, even my own room, someone's eyes are always on me. Usually, these are the cold eyes of a stranger. There is no place where I can just let out all my pain and hide from the world, and this creates the feeling of being trapped. At least when I am home for break, I have something of a space for myself. But when I go back to school again, I know it will all get worse.

I feel like I am running out of options. Therapy is expensive and I am terrified to try medication. I fear if I ever become dependant on meds, the moment I stop using them will be the end. I could never get over the guilt of taking a gap year or dropping out altogether. It seems my only solution is to keep pushing against the world until something breaks in me. All I can do is hope I'm still alive a year from now. So here's to all the other Golden Bears going through a similar struggle. We may have a shitty semester ahead of us, but let's get through it together. I transferred to Berkeley recently as a integrative bio major. I really wanna make friends who are in a different major as me due to the competitiveness. Let me know if you want to hangout! I feel like I have made any friends in my classes or study groups Not so much a confession but a realization. People should be aware and proactive (who are coming back from holiday break) about the direct affect from renovating People’s Park — the homeless are getting displace thus making them more desperate and forcing them up towards the dorms and residential areas. I just had a break-in to an off campus house on college ave. I was recently asked by a woman how to end a relationship with a man "that never was and never will be." She wasn't sure how to go about it because she's high in agreeableness and is afraid of a confrontation. She asked whether they should listen to how they feel about each other, not confront each other but remain friends, or just cut him off altogether.

Here was my answer: 
"The best thing you can do is tell the truth. Tell the truth about how you feel about him and the relationship. The things you will say will probably be unpleasant for him, but it won't be your fault if he chooses to react badly. Don't be worried about being offensive or potentially starting a fight. There is no shame in speaking the truth, regardless of how offensive it might be, if your intention is to end current or prevent future suffering. You will always be on the side of courage, justice, and righteousness.

If I were you, I would just send him a text explaining the main reasons why I didn't think the relationship could work out and block him. It's up to you if you want to hear his perspective and remain friends, but sticking around that could prolong the pain and create an abusive cycle.

At least telling him why your leaving is better than ghosting. 😜" I have two pets, a dog and a cat, and my dog is getting pretty old. She's around sixteen years old and she's gotten noticeably slower and more feeble since I started here at Berkeley. She is literally the greatest dog and I have no idea what I'd do without her, but i'm legitimately so terrified that she might not make it by the time I graduate here next semester and come back home. If this were the case, i'm not even sure if I could come back home without breaking down because my best friend has been stripped from my life. And I don't even want to think about not taking some DOPE post graduation pics with her and possibly my cat if she's not in a mood. I just wish my dog could live forever or something idk. Alright, I'm tearing up and am gonna go hug my slightly senile dog who's hobbling around the kitchen. Peace; and if you have pets I hope they all live long happy lives with you. Confession 1325 is right. The dominant culture at Berkeley is East Asian culture, and the Asians students here do try to make others feel inferior. The funny thing is, out of all the people I've known at Berkeley, the only ones who for the most part don't make friends with people of other races have been students of East Asian descent. Many of the Asian ethnic orgs here besides VSA (VSA honestly does the most to celebrate their culture and its the only one where I've seen non-Vietnamese and even non-Asian people join and actually be accepted), are just excuses to self-segregate and party. Even clubs that aren't ethnic orgs are clearly recruiting along racial lines. If you look at groups like Innovative Design, Circle K, Ascend, AFX, and countless others, the officers are members are ALL or mostly all EAST ASIAN. I love Asian culture and I'm glad I grew up around it, but honestly the hardcore Asian vibe and lack of diversity here has really ruined the experience at Cal for me. It shocks me when Asian students here complain about all these racist white people and say all of these racist things, but when I hang around white people, latinx people, and indian people I almost never hear a single hint or word of racism out of them towards East Asians or other groups. East Asian students here need to CHECK THEIR PRIVILEGE. To be absolutely honest, seeing 200+ likes on post #993 broke my heart because it was evidence that proved the ignorance of many individuals in a place where I truly believed people were able to think critically. If we are to examine this individual's unsupported claims, it is crucial to look at evidence rather than just accept what he or she said as truth. I want to preface this by stating that I mean not to offend anyone who agrees with the post below but rather, I proceed because I believe that the discourse is necessary. I am also apologizing in advance as I may know the original poster on a personal level so recognize that my aim here is not to criticize you as an individual but to dismantle some beliefs that were stated in ignorance. Perhaps you don’t care and given that is the case, I suggest you to stop reading. If you want to live life with authenticity and truth, regardless of how unpleasant the reality may be, then I invite you to read on. Let me start by supporting the statement that white-bashing is never appropriate. Race-bashing is never appropriate under any circumstances. That being stated, please take into account what we consider "white-bashing" and racial jokes surrounding white privilege has primarily arisen in the last few decades, whereas discrimination against non-white races has been tolerated for centuries. Neither are acceptable but perhaps we must then consider why we are so eager to come into savior-mode against white-bashing and racism against white people whereas in normal day-to-day contexts, it is also necessary to contemplate whether or not we are equally enthusiastic in standing up for those that face micro or macro-discrimination as racial minorities. The concept of "white privilege" was coined in 1965 during the Civil Rights Movement by a man named Theodore Allen. One Harvard-grad researcher illustrated her own opinions on the subject as a white person, stating that prior, "as a white person, I realized I had been taught about racism as something which puts others at a disadvantage, but had been taught not to see one of its corollary aspects, white privilege which puts me at an advantage". I strongly believe that the quote reflects the case for a lot of us in positions comparable to hers. That is how we want to see racial relations-that if I'm not a racist, not discriminating actively, treating all races as equals, then I should not ever have to dwell on the idea of white privilege because there's nothing I am actively infringing upon. The researcher above, McIntosh, then expresses, "I think whites are carefully taught not to recognize white privilege, as males are taught not to recognize male privilege. So I have begun in an untutored way to ask what it is like to have white privilege. I have come to see white privilege as an invisible package of unearned assets that I can count on cashing in each day, but about which I was “meant” to remain oblivious. White privilege is like an invisible weightless knapsack of special provisions, maps, passports, codebooks, visas, clothes, tools and blank checks." Keep in mind that this was written in the early 90's so why has white privilege still remained such a sensitive topic? Why is it still the white elephant in the room? In reality, the honest answer is that maybe there is complacency with the status quo on both sides, maybe we believe equality can never be truly achieved, or maybe we buy into the false lies that white privilege matters very little as post #993 claims. A. Just as the individual focused on the importance of education, racial minorities are raised with the strong conviction that racial disparities are made equal through education. We have been convinced that the American Dream is an equal opportunity for those that work hard and if we are to put in effort, we can get anywhere we want to be. This mentality is what so many Asian American who may have grown up with in “tiger homes” and what so many African Americans or Hispanics who may have grown up in less than ideal places are conditioned to believe. (Note that I am stating “may have” for those scenarios above because those are generalizations and not applicable to all.) Unfortunately, this belief puts race out of the question and prioritizes the heavy misconception that education is the only factor that matters. The truth is that education does not equalize inequalities based around racial privileges. Research that Duke University compiled has illustrated that "on average, a black household with a college-educated family head has less wealth than a white family whose family head did not even obtain a high school diploma". "White households with a bachelor's degree or post-graduate education (such as Ph.D., MD, JD) are more than three times a wealthy as black households with the same degree attainment." https://socialequity.duke.edu/…/FINAL%20COMPLETE%20REPORT_.… There is data to show that on average, a highly educated household of color does not even have equitable wealth to a white household in which no individual has graduated from high school. If you have been inundated with the belief that education evens the playing ground between races, one needs to reconsider the context in which this idea has been promoted and whether or not the "American Dream" of depicting the hardworking minority that “succeeds through education” is actually a method of enabling structural disparities to continue. Education does not grant us any sort of immunity to discrimination in opportunities through life and it is necessary to stop lying to ourselves. B. Now let's move on to the idea of attractiveness. Word for word, the original poster claims that being attractive is a greater source privilege, “Look at the data, attractive people are constantly privileged in the workplace, in personal attractions, in finding a significant other (obviously).” The question to consider, which has already been started by a commenter below, is what do we deem attractive in society? The first method of examining the topic is to look at who is held responsible for determining the standards of beauty across the world. As research has shown, Western Beauty is associated with classism through cultural capital. Leah Kozee Youngblood states, “scholars from many different fields agree that the Western beauty standard revolves around racism, ageism, and classism (Gooden 2011; Lee 2009; Lewis, Medvedev, and Seponski 2011; Peat et al. 2008; Sengupta 2006; Shaw 2005; Slevin 2010; Taylor 2012). Beauty is not a mundane thing; it is an ideal intertwined with privilege. Arguably, the main attribute of the beauty standard is privilege. The changes in the ideal have always corresponded to the upper- class, privileged groups in American culture. By acknowledging that the changes in the Western beauty standard align with the changes in the privileged population, I argue that beauty is a form of hegemony. The beauty standard serves as a tool to keep less privileged women at the bottom of the social hierarchy. By giving them the label or title of “not beautiful”, the Western beauty ideal is a tool of oppression.” Given that documentaries and many research papers align with the idea that Western beauty is portrayed as the ideal in most circumstances (https://theillusionists.org, https://www.researchgate.net/…/234119371_The_impact_of_West…, https://scholarcommons.usf.edu/psy_facpub/2028/, https://scholar.lib.vt.edu/ejournals/ALAN/v42n3/pdf/yi.pdf ) , the privileges that exist for “beauty” benefit those that fit the mold of being white most. Being beautiful is a privilege but only for those that comply or exemplify the standards that are set out by those in power of the social structure and that implies whiteness “as the most acceptable”. Therefore, the argument proposed by #993 falls apart in stating that there are more privileges in beauty than in whiteness because the privilege of defining beauty belongs predominantly to those that are white. That is not to say being beautiful isn’t a privilege, because it is, just like education is a privilege. Rather it is to counteract the idea that 993 brings forth in diminishing white privilege to be “minor” and less than that of the privilege in beauty or education. C. Because I have grown up in a privileged area in terms of wealth, I strongly believe that wealth is an unfair privilege that enables many individuals to have a better base than others to “succeed”, with the stereotypical definitions of success. That being stated, I highly suggest those of you who may believe that wealth is the ultimate privilege to read this article and look at the data presented by New York Times. https://www.nytimes.com/…/race-class-white-and-black-men.ht… To highlight some of the most interesting points within the article: Black boys raised in America, even in the wealthiest families and living in some of the most well-to-do neighborhoods, still earn less in adulthood than white boys with similar backgrounds, according to a sweeping new study that traced the lives of millions of children. White boys who grow up rich are likely to remain that way. Black boys raised at the top, however, are more likely to become poor than to stay wealthy in their own adult households.White boys who grow up rich are likely to remain that way. Black boys raised at the top, however, are more likely to become poor than to stay wealthy in their own adult households. “One of the most popular liberal post-racial ideas is the idea that the fundamental problem is class and not race, and clearly this study explodes that idea,” said Ibram Kendi, a professor and director of the Antiracist Research and Policy Center at American University. “But for whatever reason, we’re unwilling to stare racism in the face.” “Simply because you’re in an area that is more affluent, it’s still hard for black boys to present themselves as independent from the stereotype of black criminality,” said Khiara Bridges, a professor of law and anthropology at Boston University who has written a coming paper on discrimination against affluent black people. (NY Times, 2018) I fully recognize that wealth is a privilege but the data presented in this research tears apart the idea that being placed into wealth at birth is a greater privilege than being born into a white body. Another factor to consider is which individuals are actually born into wealth within the U.S. According to data from 2016, the average wealth of white families was around $919,000 while the average wealth of black families remained at $140,000 and Hispanic families at $192,000. (http://apps.urban.org/features/wealth-inequality-charts/) To put it in other words, a white family’s wealth was seven times greater than the wealth of black families on average. In other words, given that a white child has a much higher chance of being born into a family that is well-off, whiteness is very often aligned with the privilege of wealth. As #993 states, privilege is never going way. However, the privileges you brought up are heavily aligned with white privilege. To quote you directly, “being white is one minor facet out of the dozens to hundreds that determine how privileged someone is or isn't. It's just one of the easiest to see…” All the evidence above has spoken for itself and I would like to contradict you in all politeness, “Being white is a major facet out of the dozens to hundreds that determine how privileged someone is or isn't. And it happens to be just one of the easiest to see…” What you choose to do with the truth that lies in front of you is your call but I implore you never to sit back and buy into the lies that the world will feed you. Anonymously, Poster from #845 I studied abroad this past Summer, and I realized something that I'm hoping yall can either confirm or deny. So, I dated a couple of girls in my time abroad (not at the same time) and it was great because they both really cared about me despite neither of the relationships becoming long-term, long-distance. Both cared about my feelings, about my thoughts, and about ambitions. It felt sooo amazing to find girls who were so considerate and patient with someone so bad at expressing his feelings (me and a lot of guys). It allowed me to be a lot more comfortable reciprocating. Like it's hard to explain, but just the little things they did for me were surreal... Being at Berkeley again, I have a hard time finding any girls like the ones I spent time with abroad. Maybe it's Berkeley's culture or the culture in higher education, but a lot of girls seem self-centered. Not in a bad way, don't get me wrong. Girls have good reason to be self-centered in this day and age when a lot of powerful men are being revealed as monsters. It's just girls at Berkeley generally seem very reluctant in caring about guys' feelings and thoughts? God, I realize how bad this sounds, so let me just include dudes in this, too. Everyone seems less caring about each other and more into their own lives. Even people currently in relationships seem to be in the relationship more for themselves than for their partner. I'm not arguing everyone should be saints. I'm just wondering if anyone else has come to a similar conclusion, or if I'm just lonely boi that is overgeneralizing. My sister just tried to kill herself with alcohol intoxication. Before I went out with my mom for a doctors appointment, my sister and mom had an argument like they always do. 20 minutes after my mom and I left, my sister called my mom and said that if she doesn't come home soon she'll be dead drunk. I didn't think much of it as it sounded like just sounded like a baseless threat. But when we got home, there was a 1.75L handle of 40% vodka that was half empty, which she drank. Half and hour later, we called the er and then they took her. Shortly after, my mom went to the er to find her and now I'm at home, realizing the magnitude of the situation. If we had decided to go shopping after my appointment or had done anything else, we wouldn't have seen her and she actually could have died. Although she always has made random threats, she has never acted on them and I'm so shocked that she actually did. Idk why I was such an idiot and told my mom what she didn’t want to hear, even though she asked for it. I was speaking with my aunt and my mom wanted to know what we talked about, so I told her about my housing plans for next year. One of the options is to get a double with my boyfriend. I knew she’s conservative and I knew most parents would be concerned when their children move in with significant others. But her response was so hurtful.

Moving in with a boy is not ladylike, she said. He won’t give you privacy and will sexually assault you. But I’d rather live with someone I trust than a total stranger, no matter the gender. Girls are okay, she said. Nothing sexual will happen. I haven’t told her that I’m bisexual and that an unknown female roommate would be worse. Again, I trust a guy who I love. And Berkeley has a housing crisis, so it’s not uncommon for couples to move in together for fiscal reasons. It’s a Western thing, she said. You’re Asian and you’re not like the white people, so don’t learn their culture. I’m American; I only have US citizenship and nothing from Asian countries, so I am part of the Western culture. White people are too sexually open, she said. You, as an Asian girl, have to remain innocent and docile, or no man would want to marry you. I left the table.

Sexist, homophobic, racist, and reactionary, all in one conversation about one idea. I can’t wait to get out of her house. I don't know why, but I sometimes get turned on in math classes. I started noticing this about halfway through high school when I started to learn more interesting concepts (and had a couple cute math teachers). Like, I remember some days in HS when I had calculus class last period I'd go home and notice that my panties are super wet from my calculus class (it was a short walk from school to home). I think this happens when I learn interesting math from teachers who are at least a 7/10. Am I the only one? First semester freshmen year I went out every weekend with the same people and I ended the semester believing that I had found my "group." But I stopped partying and eventually they stopped speaking to me. I then reached out to different people hoping to find my "group" again (because I never had one in high school and was jealous of those who did) but to no avail. Everytime I thought I found a friend I would feel this overwhelming pressure to stay in constant contact and make weekly efforts to hang out and eventually ai would lose the friendship. In addition, I only found that everyone I considered as a friend was compartmentalized. There were the school friends, the gossip friends, and the party friends, but not a group who got together and were able to fit into every category. So I pushed everyone away because it was easier since everyone had found their group and I was the odd one out. I feel partly it's my fault since I pushed people away but I wish it was acceptable to not respond to text messages or hang outs all the time but for them to know i'll still be there when they need it most. I'm not sure if I'm the only one who feels that way or if I have a completely wrong definition of what a friend is but making friends like those in high school is so hard. Note: All of the names in this confession are made up to protect our identities.

I'm sorry this is long but I need to get this all off my chest at once. It all started our freshman year, when we lived in Unit 1. That was when I met Irving. He was a great guy- still is, really. We were in a R1A together and we got together to study all the time. Late one night after the study lounges closed, we were reading in his room, when his roommate came home from practice. Meeting Nately that night was the first time I understood what tall, dark, and handsome meant. As I know now, both of them talked about liking me, but Irving was always just a friend. When he tried to make a move, I just couldn't bring myself to reciprocate. When I finished my last final that semester I went straight to Irving's room to celebrate, but he had finished earlier in the week and the only one in the room was Nately. Long story short: we hung out, one thing led to another, and we hooked up that night. Since we were both friends with Irving and didn't want to hurt him, we kept it to ourselves for the whole break. But when we started dating, it never came up and now, almost exactly two years later, we never found the right time to tell him. It all came crashing down in December. Nately and I had been fighting and we decided to break up. I had nobody to turn to- my closest friend didn't even know about our relationship. But I guess when I dropped off the map for a week, Irving asked my roommate and found out about the whole thing. He stopped talking to me. When I went home I broke down in front of my high school friends. They dragged me out of bed to a club for New Years Eve. I was so trashed I don't remember exactly what happened- the countdown, then someone grabbed and kissed me, and next thing I know we were hooking up in his car. I never got his name. It's been two weeks, and I took a pregnancy test. It turned up positive. I don't even know if it's his or Nately's. I don't know how my life got to this point.

-N.W. CW: Suicide

Have anyone ever wanted to kill themselves because you believed that life simply wasn't worth living anymore? But then you meet that one person and you realize that perhaps that life is worth living. Then you get to know this person to the point where this person is one of your best friends, only to find out that two later that this person has been shit talking you?

Yeah, me too. This confession is going to sound really pretentious but there's no way around that so here it goes. I'm an international student from a really affluent & powerful family. My family is not really famous so it's not that hard to keep a low profile in Berkeley but I'm sure all my friends know about my background. I have never been in a relationship because deep down whenever I get close to a guy I start thinking if he's only in it for the money. Ever since I can remember, my parents have warned me about people who'll try to get in my pants as a way to get into the family so I'm always paranoid. I thought that this was bullshit but I found out a guy I was really close with in HS (my best friend – almost my boyfriend) was only there because of my family background. This really broke me.

I understood that I need to be really cautious because I'm probably going to marry the guy I date, so I can't afford to date a gold digger. Last semester, I met a guy in a class who's everything I am looking for in a husband. We have the exact same tastes, he's funny, he's charming and he happens to share my really weird views on basically everything. But that's the thing, it seems too perfect to be true. It's like someone read my mind and found out everything I want is just now playing a role in a movie. It's probably just my paranoia, but I'm really scared. What if it's all an elaborate plan to get into the family? I would be devastated. But on the off chance that it's all real, and I let him go because of this then I wouldn't be able to live with myself. He says he doesn't care about money and everything, but that's also exactly what he would say if he was a gold digger.

I have no idea what to do, I really don't want to get into a relationship until I know he's in it because he loves me, and not my money.

Sometimes I really wish I could be just another average person because all this money has made my life shit. I can't meet anyone without questioning their intentions a thousand times. It's fucked up. 1433. (WHOLESOME WEDNESDAY)

A. Tadami Tito Soulchild doesn't know how Overheard works, but I'm so glad he exists. He gives us that boost of wholesomeness that we so desperately need during dead/finals week :')

B. Celeste Castro is the cutest person I know.

C. Kyle Zhu is so sexy; his charming smile lights up my day. 😁 I wish he’d teach me how to code and serenade me at the same time.

D. Caroline Chen is the sweetest and the prettiest Data 8 staff member. She's always so helpful and kind and damn it I have a hopeless person crush on her.

E. There's just some people in the world that know how to be kind and truly care about others, and one of those people is Rafael Tolosa. If you're reading this, have a great day king >.< Forgive me Confessions Cub for I have sinned. I’m too much of a coward to tell the guy I’ve had a crush on since I first laid eyes on him at a club info session that I have a major major major crush on him. I’m afraid I’m not unique, funny, or pretty enough for him to like me, even though I know he isn’t shallow or anything like that. In fact, he is the most genuine, adorable guy I’ve ever had the privilege of meeting. There is no one quite like him; every time I realize we are going to be at the same event or that we are simply in the same library, I’m overwhelmed with this awesomely horrific surge of anxiety because I know that when we interact, I’m the happiest most nervous little ball of mush there ever was. Please Confessions Cub, give my sorry anonymous ass the strength to profess my feelings to him. 🙏 unpopular opinion: every time someone label a post unpopular opinion its 99% of the time a popular opinion that op has labeled unpopular becuase it feeds their ego to have their "own original thoughts" liked and supported by people who themselved view themselves as part of this impromtu "unpopular popular opinion club" stroking eachother off for being so "brave" for saying something thats general agreed upon by the campus/group or whatever and this post isn't an exception becuase Im a greedy little karma whore (or is it like whore for facebook?) I'm so done with the dating scene at Berkeley and in California in general.

I'm now a PhD student at Berkeley, but back in my sophomore to senior years at Berkeley, I used to hookup a lot, primarily b/c I was a really horny 6' 3'' buff white man. I used to go on Tinder and do many one night stands (~50). I was originally a polite guy, sending puns to women, netting an 80% positive reply "date-me" rate. We would often eat in Southside, usually my favorite racha place, and then go back to my apartment for some hot sex. The more sex I got, the easier it became to pick up. I started caring less, using dirty, sometimes borderline racist, pick up lines and directly stated lets hook up/have sex. Tinder women still followed up. Some got angry at my assholery but quickly forgave me. I even took one "shy" Asian girl to McDonalds down in Shattuck to eat before hooking up and had her pay for the meal. She replied for a second date the night after. I call that the asshole phase of my life.

What I learned is that to women, there is no distinction between nice guy or nice guy turns bad. Both types of men want pussy and women dont care too much about personality when it comes to sex, just if you're good looking, tall, and/or rich. I really do feel bad for some Asian men, its no surprise that they are emasculated and fucked in general. For example, I have an Asian engineering buddy who is doing masters rn and he had 0 matches, except for bots, on Tinder or on CMB. This has really done a deal on his confidence even though he goes to the gym and is one of the nicest people i have met, having saved my ass on CS61A and B long time ago. I seem to realize the trend that as women are more sexually liberated, there will become a power/exponential distribution gap for # of women dated/slept between successful men and the "incels". I have had so much sex while my Asian buddy is going his own way.

Once short term sex was boring and unfilling, I started to seek a long term relationship cuz I was lonely. First girlfriend was during senior year. She was a hot charismatic haas asian girl who I absolutely loved from the bottom of my heart. It was my first girlfriend and we had many interesting conversations about life and philosophy together. We played lots of super mario kart together, cooked shit together, and slept with each other every single night. When I found out that she hooked up at a frat party, my world feel apart. I instantly realized that all the investment all the heartfelt times we had together, she took it for granted. Once I showed her the evidence, she started acting cold and put the blame on me for not being interesting enough? After all this time, her true nature, that of a HAAS snake, comes out. Anyways, I immediately cut the relationship, seeing that it was toxic, and moved on after several months of trauma. The second relationship I was with someone I liked from high school. She was a cute blonde chick with a very nice homely personality. She was akin to a traditional house wife, and for the summer we spent together, it was perfect. When we had to go back to different colleges, it became a long-distance relationship. What first began as a nightly call became more and more distant, and after a couple of months, we were barely contacting each other. I had a feeling something was off. Then, one day off the bat, my suspicions came to reality when a random dude texted me with her at his side! I broke that day, sobbing like a 3 year old toddler; the level of cuckholdry was beyond bearable. I instantly blocked her, deleted everything, and sank into real depression for a month.

Now that I'm out of it, I have reached some sort of enlightenment. One day, I asked myself, can you live a life without a woman? Once I broke through that assumption, I have found a different type of happiness. It is the most fulfilling lifestyle as I get to do what I want and like to do, such as pursue some long term goals such as financial independence. I drive to Sacramento to fish Salmon with some buddies there. I go to the gym and have started benching 2.5 plates and squatting 3.5. The idea of improving one self is a lot better than dedicating a whole life for the other sex. I am worth a bunch more than those hoes.

At the same time, I have observed some patterns among all the women I have encountered, especially modern women of Generation Z. One common thing i see is that what they say in real life is not that they do in real life. Actions is a lot more powerful than words. Learn to read in between the lines, like for me, when my ex-gf replied less and less. Another realization I made is that women are not made of spice and everything nice. They are made of the same, perhaps crueler, material than men. Yes, some unicorn girls may exist, but in expected case, you'll meet a woman who looks nice and happy and cute on the outside, but are full of mental breakdowns and insecurities on the inside. Last but not least, modern women are a lot lot more hypergamous and sexually active, which obviously leads to long-term relationship issues regarding loyalty and self-control. Good luck, traditional men.

Also, as I may predict, some comments will call me "incel". I'm the farthest thing from an incel you scrub. Incel means involuntarily celibate where these ugly men have no choice to be celibate since no women would choose them. New Grad Software Engineers are way overpaid. How can kids, with literally just several months of experience (from summer “internships”), be offered jobs straight out of school making more than people that have been in the workforce for years. Sure, one can argue that most jobs are low-skilled, but even within STEM fields Software is an anomaly. There are so many brilliant people at Berkeley who take harder majors (mech E, Chem E, Physics) but still have to get graduate degrees and have years of industry experience before they make that much.

Before y’all CS/EECS hoes think I’m an envious pleb, I am an EECS major that just signed an offer making 200k+ a year (depending how stock goes). This isn’t even an outlier, most offers fall in this range. This puts me in the 97 percentile AMONG 40-YEAR-OLDS IN THE US! A fucking 20-year-old who can’t even cook meals properly is making more than virtually all parents in the US with decades of experience and have kids to raise. I hate all the smug tech bros that walk around campus thinking they actually deserve this pay. The market is currently blowing air up the ass of this rocketship, and all you assholes (me included) just happened to be jerking off in it. A correction is due soon, none of us have any business making that much money. Coming into Cal, I was straight. Literally, I had a girlfriend in high school (we broke up), went to prom, went on dates, had sex, and all that. Then I moved to Cal and one night, my roommate and I went out fratting, we came back really wasted, and fucked.

I guess I'm bi now and I'm dating my roommate but none of our friends know. Not sure if it's socially appropriate but, I'm happy and i guess thats what matters. CW: Suicide, self-harm

I’m going into my final semester at Berkeley and, looking back on my time here, I think I would have been much happier and better off at a different school. I was always told that I’d find my group of my friends, but that never really happened. The culture of normalizing depression at Berkeley made me think it was normal to fantasize suicide and self harm. It wasn’t until recently that I finally got help and am hopefully on the right track. Even still I’m ready to get the f*** out of Berkeley and never look back. At this point I’m just grinding to get that degree and be able to have a “reward” for all my struggles here that someday I can show my kids and say “look what dad did”. I'm a Mormon, I am graduating, and I have changed. I love being mormon, it has given me a great sense of identity, community and purpose in life.

I got into Berkeley and came here because my then fiancee wanted Berkeley badly. He is bright, he was my first, and I have deep respect for him. He treats me well and is very religious. I can tell he loves me. I write this confession because I know he will never read this, since he avoids social media for religious/personal reasons. That being said if you are a Mormon friend, and you think you can identify me, please don't post anything in the comments and keep my identity private to others.

I didn't want Berkeley (although I have never told him that since I got in, and he was originally waitlisted), but I came here because this was the best school he got in and I felt I was the one to follow him. From the beginning, it was clear I was keeping up and he was not. I became his tutor since freshman year, which helped me get even better at the subjects, but brought him resentment.
...
At Berkeley, I met so many different kinds of people, and while my faith in Him is still strong and I want to be a good person, I can't help but to think about the toxic ways the church has shaped my thinking - how I used to and others in my community still think of homosexuals and transgenders; or how our missions in poor countries, while beneficent and humanitarian, are washing away their culture - which is conflicting to me, because I too want them to know the Father's word. He clearly disapproves of some of my friendships with these people, but has never stopped me from seeing these friends occasionally, when I want to. He did ask me to be careful, because he thinks one of my friends thinks of me as "pet-project" and is trying to brainwash me; I disagree, and although I think his intentions are always for my best, I felt strange, I can't put into words why. All of my friends believe, and lately I have found my most inspiring conversations about the Lord has been with these friends, though he doesn't know. Yet I still feel I can never and don't want to be like or live a life like these friends. I try not to think they might go to hell, because I no longer want to assume my faith is the only one that can be right, even if it is right for me. I don't know if I would want my friends to change and be unhappy. These are good people, doing good things for this world too.

For the last year I have been thinking about these things, and feeling lonely. If I speak up I might loose my community or sound like I have gone crazy and loose their respect. What if I am losing faith? What will this mean for my marriage? Is my self-image a facade?
Because of his grades and test scores, he will not get into any medical schools. I just know it and I think he does too, but is denial about it. He has started talking about moving and having children right away and finally going on missions together. But I know I will get into medical school, this is my dream since 4th grade, but he is not the one who is supposed to follow me and I can't leave him. I know it is my job to bear children, but I am also not ready. I know missions are important and the best way to give back to my church and the world. I am selfish and awful for even thinking about divorce. I am incredibly privileged, what I have, many women want to have, and my sisters are constantly telling me how they wish they had found a nice man from a good supportive family, how they are afraid they will get old and not find one, how we are role-models for them, even some of the married ones. His friends constantly tell him how lucky he is, too. Even if I left, I cannot go back to my family, and I will become a pariah, I will be damned by Him, and I'm so afraid even these thoughts mean I am damned. Maybe he is right I am being brainwashed. I don't know what do, and I can't ask for help. My prayers are not sending me any answers, just more questions. CW: Rape

I have to get something off my chest.

I met four guy friends yesterday, and we went to Gangnam. We did all the normal things in Korea: drink, karaoke, and club.

But suddenly two of the guys said they wanted to take me somewhere. One of them has a girlfriend and the other was a cute guy I had been playfully flirting with throughout the night. We took a taxi and they suddenly brought me to a motel. I was super drunk so I didn’t think much of it.

The guy with a girlfriend left the room and I ended up making out with the cute guy and things led to...y’know. It was weird because he kept asking if I was open to having a threesome with the other guy. Of course I said no.

After we were done, he left to shower and the guy with the girlfriend came in. He grabbed my face to make me makeout with him.....I tried to kick him off me but he pulled off my underwear and forced himself into me.

He left after and the cute guy came back but I felt so disgusted and traumatized. I don’t know if they planned this or not. This is not my first time being raped and I feel so vulnerable right now. I left the motel and called the other two guy friends I was with earlier and realized they had called me 20 times. Apparently they felt uneasy about the situation and were trying to contact me while the whole spectacle happened. If only I had seen my phone...

I have no one to confide in about this so I resorted to this page. I hope this never happens to anyone else. Im an eecs major and I am graduating next semester. I just accepted a job offer that I really worked hard for and my friends are congratulating me. My gpa is above 3.5 and I can easily apply for grad school later. I should be able to pay most of my debt by this time nexy year. In many ways I am a successful output of the system. 
But let me tell you: I feel nothing. I should be happy, and thankful, but I only feel emptiness. Its like a hard game that you finish: there is a thrill throughout the whole game and you are excited to finish it but once you actually get there, you are like oh, well, now what? whats the next thing? To be honest, if commencement was tomorrow I would just sleep in and not go.
I love my major and for the most part, I enjoyed learning the stuff I know and I have no regrets, but I now I keep thinking that all of that knowledge, passion and desire will essentially be boiled down to a paycheck and a 401k: a regular job which I will be doing for the next 5-10 years or so. 
I suspect that most people have the exact same feeling but they are too terrified to express it, because its so nihilistic. Thats why every company will try hard to convince you that what they do is somewhat good for the world and you are saving the world by developing their product. They are just trying to replace that nihilism with a passion to work for them and generate more money, and people convince themselves of it because they are terrified of what they might be feeling otherwise. The output is that people get drowned in work without really knowing where they are going or what they are doing. Recently I’ve seen a lot of relationship posts where they talk about their man loving them no matter how much they eat, and they are even perceived as cute. That made me question my relationship and my boyfriend’s love since our relationship don’t work that way. He expects me to be healthy and in shape, and we openly talked about how appearance does matter in a relationship. That made me feel insecure about myself and question if he really does love me. I really love him, but sometimes I can’t help but wonder if the workouts I do is for him or actually for me. I cheated on my boyfriend a few times because I was lonely. Nothing much really happened beyond making out and stuff, but I still feel bad. We were doing long distance for a while, but I don't know why coming to college just pushed it over the edge for me. Maybe the guys here are just more flirty or something, but I know that's not really an excuse to do what I did. Even though I always made sure to do things at the guys' places somehow word started spreading so I just blamed it on the guys for making the move on me and that I didn't want it.

I broke up with my boyfriend now though, and I don't know if it's wrong to meet up with the guys I cheated on him with again. On one hand it's fine because I'm single and I should be able to do what I want, but it also feels weird considering what I told people about these guys. Maybe I should just forget the past and only hook up with new guys I find on tinder. I know what I did was wrong but there's just nobody I can talk to about this because I somehow tangled myself up in all these lies and the weight of it is starting to catch up to me. I love her so incredibly much. Coming to cal I was half hoping and half afraid of just being a guy that hooked up with girls on the weekend and never actually found someone that made me fall for them. But I fell for her instantly. She's beautiful, she's scary smart, and her smile lights up a room. She's everything that my ex wasn't, and even though I get scared and I do things that hurt her, I want to be with this girl for a long time. This is the first time I've actually felt love, and I'm simultaneously so fucking happy and the most scared I've ever been
 I have a slight crush on my friend. We are both kinda the loner types and have spent this first semester supporting each other through the challenges of being transfer students and being away from family for the first time. 
I don't want to necessarily go out with her because we each have partners back home and even though my girlfriend and I are ok with seeing other people I don't want to ruin her relationship with her supportive boyfriend. 
Sometimes though I just wish we could cuddle or something. She is just so comfortable and gives the best hugs. I declined my friend’s 3 consecutive phone calls because I was watching porn on my phone trying to orgasm. Can’t I just be a liberal/left leaning middle guy that hates over-sensitive SJWs and Trump. Why is it that that when I say I hate Trump and agree that certain social injustice exists, I get called a libtard or snowflake. And when I say I hate SJWs and disgree that certain injustice exists, I get called a trump supporter/racist/etc. It’s a gradient people, not black and white (or in this case, red and blue). More people are in the middle than left or right, and both sides are alienating us. The government shutdown is effecting CalFresh, so now I am worried about how I am going to eat for the next couple of months. Before coming to Berkeley I used to be afraid of many things. Getting in a fatal car crash, attacked by homeless people, etc. Now with crippling student debt and constant grade deflation I am free. Now I don't fear death because no more student loans. Thanks Berkeley!

Go Bears I'm bi and wanted to join Hackers@Berkeley, a club that now no longer exists, because I had a crush on two of their members (Legeng and Netra). But the club never responded to my request to join. If you guys are out there, hi I spent around 2k on weed last semester and I'm not even that mad at myself. So I don’t go to Berkeley but I dated a girl from there until very recently for a long time. She is a sophomore in the performing arts department and I a senior engineer at a different school. The relationship had its ups and downs but towards the middle of last October she had to move out of town and back in with her parents, lessening the time we got to see each other as our semesters both got crazy. We eventually broke up around Thanksgiving because she was concerned about transferring in the fall to Seattle and what that’d mean for us and I wasn’t worried at all, since I’d have no problem relocating. This set off a fight that brought every other fight back up, even if they were over a year old.

After a few weeks we tried to sit back down together as friends and talk and it went alright and we both admitted we weren’t looking for anything but secretly she was on dating apps looking to move on. Which my friends would tell me they saw her but if I brought it up I was a terrible guy and “not a real friend”. She repeated she wasn’t going to make any promises about our future but got drunk several times over break and texted me admitting feelings. I told her time and time again she could do that to me because I genuinely still had feelings and in the morning she would apologize. Flash forward to New Year’s Eve she sends me pictures of her kissing another boy obviously drunk. She played it off as she was just drunk and having a good time. I had told her it was fine if she wanted to move on but I didn’t want to be involved in her life at that point so I asked when she’d be avalible to take her stuff back. She told me to throw it out and then added how much sex they’ve had and etc etc. The next day I discovered she deleted me in all social media before lastly sending me a post with her and him fucking on a pornhub video. You really swallow someone’s cum and they ignore you on Sproul... I’m graduating Berkeley this year and one of my biggest regrets is not starting a maid/butler cafe club. The idea of role-playing as a maid and getting to be overly helpful and treating the stressed students of Berkeley like royalty is like a weird kink for me. I just want to entertain people and flirt with or flatter guests. I guess I felt like the concept is pretty funny by itself, but for me the appeal is that I can act with unsolicited kindness to strangers that I wouldn’t be able to normally give.

On a different note, I always feel really concerned about stressed students at our university. I’m kind of insecure so even when I do want to compliment strangers I feel sort of bad for forcing them into a conversation with me at all. I just hope you know that there’s someone out there who sees you and wishes your skies were bluer and that your days were better. I’m graduating Berkeley this year and one of my biggest regrets is not starting a maid/butler cafe club. The idea of role-playing as a maid and getting to be overly helpful and treating the stressed students of Berkeley like royalty is like a weird kink for me. I just want to entertain people and flirt with or flatter guests. I guess I felt like the concept is pretty funny by itself, but for me the appeal is that I can act with unsolicited kindness to strangers that I wouldn’t be able to normally give.

On a different note, I always feel really concerned about stressed students at our university. I’m kind of insecure so even when I do want to compliment strangers I feel sort of bad for forcing them into a conversation with me at all. I just hope you know that there’s someone out there who sees you and wishes your skies were bluer and that your days were better. It's funny how I view this now is so different than before. When we were still talking, every time I'd see you Active on messenger I'd want to talk to you, but I knew you probably weren't in the mood to because you hate texting.

We were friends, and we both knew we liked each other and would kiss/hug/do all those things, but we couldn't get to the next step. I was going through personal issues (self-esteem, mild depression, anxiety, etc.) and you had your own. If I had to guess, it has something to do with your ex and your personal life goals/wanting to fulfill or prove something. But that's just my guess. Throughout this past year I convinced myself that going through a little pain was better than giving up your company. You made me laugh and had meaningful conversations with me, and I'll always be grateful that you would be open to talking about so many things with me without judgment. But when the new year began, I didn't want to hurt anymore, so I told you I had to go, and you understood and respected my decision.

Now when I see you active, I keep the chatbox open. Not because I'm going to talk to you, but because it makes me feel close to you again. And yet, it's a simple reminder that this is as close as I'll ever be allowed to you. I’ve never felt so misunderstood and alone in my 23 years of existence. My parents have always been very supportive and encouraging. But these days, they haven’t been as much. It might be their age or their own mental health issues. It just sucks because right when I need them the most, it feels like they aren’t able to be there for me.

Wondering what would happen if I killed myself has crossed my mind a few times as an adult. It never really concerned me because I always thought it was normal to wonder. But these days I find myself wondering if I’d feel anything before actually dying if I jumped off of Evans. It terrifies me that the only thing stopping me is being raised Catholic and taught that suicide is a one way ticket to hell. I wonder if I would’ve gone through with it by now if I wasn’t raised that way. I can no longer acknowledge the existence of BTS for fear of being a morally indecent individual.

To fill the empty hours of my Winter Break, I mindlessly watched YouTube and eventually discovered this K-Pop group. My boy-crushes started off innocently enough, and I progressed to watch more videos to learn about them. I learnt of the relevant terminologies: hyungs, biases, ARMY, etc.

And then I left YouTube. And discovered their fan fiction. I should have never left YouTube and its Christian content.

Now you see, I am no virgin to fan fiction. But, I’ve always participated in fandoms of original fictional works (books, tv shows, movies, etc.). And, I don’t know how to reconcile the fact that these people EXIST in real life while their fandom has gone wild. How can a real life idol look at a fan, and not realize that there is a good chance that this person has either written or read a work centering them in a middle of a porn-o? I don’t know why it took me so long to come to the realization that this is sick and twisted. I’m currently really disgusted with myself for letting my curiosity carry me to that fan fiction site.

I originally thought there was no shame about fangirling. “Plenty of people do it”, I thought. I no longer feel that way. And of course the frat boys living above me are shouting the n-word out the window on MLK Jr. Day. Classic Greek life fuckery, don't know why I'm surprised tbh And of course the frat boys living above me are shouting the n-word out the window on MLK Jr. Day. Classic Greek life fuckery, don't know why I'm surprised tbh To the girl who yelled “jean jackets are only for the f***ing summer” to my friend and I wearing our new fur-lined jean jackets THAT WE GOT FOR CHRISTMAS on our first day back after a relaxing break, you’re a jerk. Why you gotta be so rude?

And to the people walking behind us who overheard your rude, unnecessary, invalid opinion, thank you for complimenting us on our jackets and acknowledging that that girl was being a bitch🥰 I’m asexual, not sure where I am on the spectrum but it’s caused a lot of problems in my past relationships.

Anyway, I usually jack off once every 4 or 5 months. My best friend wrote some amazing smut of my OTP for me and god damn. Usually I don’t care for that kind of stuff but I finished in less than 30 seconds flat Being pretty is a privilege. I don’t consider myself pretty, but certain events did happen that changed my appearance which made me aware of just how unfair this world is.

The first two years of high school I had glasses and crooked teeth. I eventually got braces. When those braces came off and I started using contacts, I started noticing a change in people’s behavior towards me.

People who I considered popular would engage in convos with me. More people would talk to me. Someone asked me out. I started to have more friends.

And the sad thing is that I didn’t do anything to change my behavior or personality. It was all in the looks. I realised how something as simple as straighter teeth and no dorky glasses could make people treat you better.

A lot of my insecurity sprouts from this realization. The fact that how people treat and respect you is determined so much by looks frightens me. I’ve understand how important looks are, as bad as it sounds, so I make the conscious effort to dress a certain way, to hide my blemishes, to make myself more attractive.

I wish the world were different but it isn’t.

So to everyone reading this, take a moment to reflect. How much are you affected by appearance? When you meet someone new, pause. Try and judge them for something other than looks. Because we’re all affected by it. Give someone who might look a little weird, or unusual, or not stereotypically pretty, a chance.

Because pretty is a privilege not everyone has. Literally whoever the fuck bumped into me on sproul yesterday and made me drop my AirPods into a storm drain....I hope this post haunts you to the goddamn grave I find all these clubs setting up their table and tent as early as 5 am in the morning at sproul quite toxic and outlandish. No students should sacrifice their sleep just for a club. I have been in many clubs at Cal that I loved but still I probably don’t love them that much lol. I get that people in Berkeley are competitive but can people just all agree to sleep more and set up the table at the earliest 7 AM or something? Thoughts? PSA to people flyering on Sproul: Please remember that you're not just flyering but also representing a larger organization. This means that especially when you're in the center of Sproul, you should be careful of what you say and talk about: For example, be sure to not have a conversation making racial comments about the size of body parts of different groups (i.e. Koreans and flat asses), especially in such a public and crowded place. Everyone can hear your inappropriate conversations, and when you wear your Sigma Omnicron Pi jackets and hand out your Sigma Omnicron Pi flyers, it just makes your organization look bad. i just need some opinions. so i want to know if my feelings are valid or not. i was walking back to my apartment and it’s already dark. i’m crossing the street right when the light’s about to turn yellow and just barely make it to the edge of the sidewalk. out of the corner of my eye i see something really tall coming up behind me so i turn to make sure nothing is gonna hit me. and it’s just this tall black guy’s bicycle he has on its back wheel. but when i turn to look at him he goes “the fuck bitch? stupid fucking ass asian bitch...” and continue on along those lines as he crosses the street. and i’m already having a horrible day so i kinda just break down crying. i wanna know: are my feelings valid? bc i think that’s a shitty thing to say to another human who’s just trying to make sure she’s not getting hit by a car or something. like i don’t think i did anything wrong if anything maybe my stupid asian resting bitch face was on. so should i have just let it go because it’s his right to have those feelings too. i don’t know i guess i’m just too sensitive :/ i just wish we weren’t such shitty people to each other. Recently I have got back together with my boyfriend after a huge fight. And I don't have the balls to tell my boyfriend that I am sorry for not understanding his perspective, so I am doing it through this page. (You know who you are). I got into a fight with my boyfriend because I felt suffocated that he would always want to spend every second of the day with me and not give me the space I needed (a month has passed since he already apologized profusely and he gives me a lot of space now so please don't be mean about it in the comments). What I want to apologize about is not understanding your intentions beforehand. It's not like you had bad intentions and didn't like me spending time with my family and friends back home over break. It was just that you love spending lots of time with me and that you missed me. I'm sorry for making you wait for me to finish spending time with family and friends back home until really late at night for me to text you. You must have been really lonely and tired for the times you waited for me. I'll try to give you more time when we are apart from now on. Love you so much, babe. Theres this guy I see all the time at the gym that is soooo hot. He's cute and has a nice body yes, but something particular about the way he looks and moves just really gets me going. Sounds perfect right?

The problem is that he's significantly shorter than me, which makes me really sad. Like, why does berkeley have to be so full of short guys? If you want a serious confession, I was in DC over the winter break for a closing event for interns of a summer internship a congressional offices. I slept with one of the elected Reps of congress. I didn't intern at his office though. To the guy that approached me outside MLK... It was one of the last weeks of fall semester and there was a dance group performing on Sproul. I was eating poke on the steps of MLK. You approached me and asked about the dance groups, sat down next to me, and then tried to make conversation. I was such a bitch - I was pissed because I couldn't (still can't) get an internship, I was worried about not passing one of my classes, and I had gotten spicy mayo on my white sweater. I was just not in the mood to talk to anyone. Later that week on UCB Confessions I saw a post about how hard it is to make friends and talk to people, about how girls always think you're flirting if you say hi, about how the culture at Berkeley is every man for himself, etc... and my heart literally sank because I felt like I contributed to that culture. I felt like I had the audacity to call myself a nice and compassionate person even though I blew you off when you were just trying to meet new people. The stupidest thing is I struggle to meet people and wold LOVE to make new friends. Well long story short, I got of facebook and social media for a while, but now I'm back on and wanted to confess. I'm studying abroad so I don't have the opportunity to try and start over with you. I genuinely hope that this semester you find kind and caring people to talk to, because honestly, you seemed really nice. To the tweaking freshman/sophomore girl who was walking around during JID fiending for Nicotine, not to hit a juul or bum a cig, but STRAIGHT ASKING FOR NICOTINE, I hope you get your shit together as you look really messed up. I just realized my hatred for Cal has nothing to do with the workload and atmosphere. Without you around this week Berkeley feels like a paradise, not the lonely, depressing place it usually it. I'm realizing the things that make me feel traumatized around you. You have no respect for anyone- I've literally never heard you say anything nonsexual about a girl, and you think every student here has personally attacked you. You feel entitled to hit on girls when you're horny. You're unrepentant and you don't take responsibility for your mistakes. And you say you miss us when we were friends but you all you really wanted was our bodies. You're sexual entitlement reflects poorly on all men. You complain about your virginity constantly and you have no reason to be doing it. You fucking asked a girl to have sex at your place just because you two both disagreed with the professor's lecturing style. Honestly... how "male feminist" of you. On October 30 I was walking by the campanile while on the phone with my mom when she decicded it would be a great time to tell me that someone really important to me had died. I thought I was ok for a second and then it hit me. I started freaking out and crying really loudly. I was panicked, sobbing, saying “Are you serious?” “When did it happen!?” “Why are you telling me this?” “No. No. No.” “How did this happen!?” “You can’t be serious!” “Why” “No. No. PLEASE NO!”

It was awful. I was alone. Crying. Crouched down on the sidewalk on the middle of campus. I wanted someone to be there, anyone. As much as I was embarrassed to be making a scene I needed someone to take me out of it.

Someone did. A few different groups of guys came up, genuinely concerned, and asked me if I was ok, what was going on? They stayed for a second to make sure I was ok. One gave me some words of comfort. Even after I walked away -still crying - people who had seen me came up to make sure I was ok.

Hearing that news was absolutely awful. But I want those guys to know how much I appreciate what they did. I’m sure I looked crazy. Like maybe I had just found out I did terrible on a test or something and was overreacting. They must have felt so awkward coming up to me, some random hysterical girl on campus. But fuck, they did anyway and I will never forget that.

So thank you. So much. I can’t imagine how the situation looked; I know I would have felt so uncomfortable, but it means so much to me that all these random students wanted to make sure I was ok.

Anyway, I am ok. She was very old. But she was very special to me it was quite unexpected news on an otherwise normal call with my mom. (“Oh! That reminds me... I have some bad news...”) I definitly didn’t expect some random bros to be the ones who came up to me if anyone did, but thank you. Thank you so much. I know just going up to someone and asking, “Are you ok?” might be awkward, and it might not seems like a big deal, but it made a huge difference to me and is something I will be forever greatful for. We met in freshman year, at some stupid social, bonding over being in the same decently small major. We joined the same club, went to its events together, were part of the same main friend group, ate at dining commons together twice or thrice a week, cooked in the shitty dorm kitchens. We were close, to say the least. And then I fell for you. Just realizing my feelings changed how I interacted with you. Conversations, which were somewhat easy (I'm not a great conversationalist) before, suddenly became as difficult as interviews, with me prepping questions to ask during a meal.

And then you asked me to be your roommate. The person I love, asking me to be her roommate! Of course I said yes. We both stayed for summer sessions and research, so we were roommates then. Remember how I said conversations were getting harder after realizing my feelings? It became even harder after becoming roommates. She's busy with difficult courses and involved with so many clubs that I can never seem to shake the feeling that I'm annoying her if I say anything, so I'm scared to open up to her and am timid when with her. My inability to simply talk to her is probably a major turn off for her as a roommate, friend, and potential lover. She's also probably straight, and even if she weren't, my conversational skills with her are definitely not winning her over.

tldr I have had a major crush on my female friend/roommate since near the beginning of freshman year and my relationship with her has slowly deteriorated due to my inability to talk to her coherently.

I just wrote this to get this off my chest but I'll also appreciate suggestions on how to improve my relationship with her (as a friend/roommate) Gotta love how on ANY confession about someone gay, there are like 50 straight guys tagging their bros because it’s apparently HILARIOUS to imply that their very straight bros might have submitted something about being queer. Just know that you’re shady bitches & I see you 👀 the implied homophobia ain’t cute sis to the girl who was carrying a princess jellyfish manga the other day at evans, ily bold ass bitch i could never, also, do u read yaoi cuz yes Before coming to Cal, I knew exactly what I was going to do with my life. The plan was to major in Poli Sci, join extracurriculars that stimulate my personal interests, then enter the ring of politics post-grad. Most importantly, I planned to find an incredible friend group, my people, along the way and to maybe even meet the girl of my dreams.

All of this has changed since being consumed by Berkeley's wretched pit of depression and social atmosphere. Switching majors or intended carreers is no biggie, but there's something that has been lurking in the depths of my soul and I'm terrified to let it out...

I'm questioning my sexuality. There's this guy. He's perfect. I hardly know anything about him. The longest conversation we had was at a party where we were both sufficiently intoxicated to not have much social inhibition. Other than that he's a beautiful stranger (or aquaintance?) who shares my same artisitic interests and music taste.

Here are the terrifing parts: 
#1. Coming Out 
You all probably think lowly of me for still being scared of openly liking guys, especially because of the accepting culture here at Cal. I don't have too much of an intolerant family back home who would disown me. Actually, I think my mom would shoot through the roof with excitement if I told her there was a boy i'm interested in... 
It's my friends. I've built my entire friend group and support systems around my sexuality. Even back home when I was in high school, my sexuality has been part of my personality that has gained me respect, friendships, admiration, nicnknames, and maybe even contributed to my acceptance into Berkeley (peronal statements hehe). I couldn't bear coming out to my friends. They'll think the person they've known and loved for so long was a lie. More than that. I fear that if I enter a relationship with a man, my friends will see me as an other. Not really one of them.

#2. Confessing my Feelings to Him
How do you do that?? Am I even allowed to do that? There's so many different rules when it comes to this. I've never ever thought about being romantically interested in a man, so this is something I have zero skills in. Will he be automatically turned off if I flirt or ask him out? How do you even flirt with guys???

I guess what this whole confession is saying is: How do I, a lifelong LESBIAN, let down my fellow gays by telling them the strong gay leader they love and respect has come out as not entirely the gay we've all thought me to be? And how do I make my feelings known to this person (is that allowed? re: str8 ppl gender roles), esp when they too know me as a strong lesbian leader?
Help pls. I have a breeding fetish. Like frick yeah let’s make lots of babies and buy a 5 bedroom house in the Midwest and support the shit out of our children with our dual income household. Gets me going. To all readers: the standard line is that systemic racism is at fault for minorities’ problems, and you likely accept that without much doubt. But for your own intellectual integrity, you should give this a read. I don’t think many have ever heard anything except for a caricature of the right-wing argument regarding race, so at the very least, skim it and challenge your own conceptions. For easier reading, I have separated this into separate sections titled by subject (ie, income, education, etc). So do your own research. Come to your own conclusions and do not simply accept public opinion, although it may be correct. Ideas should be challenged to ensure their validity.

The admins should admit a confession from the right that rivals 1415 in length, which is a response to someone claiming the non-existence of white privilege. A pinned post said that you are sympathetic to free speech, so I hope you accept this for the sake of consistency.

TLDR (a summary that is supposed to go at the end): progressives overwhelmingly blame systemic racism for minorities’ socioeconomic status). However, studies tend to show the opposite. Too many have forsaken individual responsibility in exchange for blaming the “system” or “discrimination” for their situation instead of embracing individual responsibility.

Hello 1415. I hope that you read this, not only because I spent too much time on it, but also because I think right-wing arguments are crucial to the health of Berkeley’s political discourse. After all, no idea should be left unchallenged. You said that you wanted a discourse, so here it is. I should preface this by saying that I mean you no personal offense, so do not misconstrue the harsh language, if I have used that, as an insult.

1415 defines white privilege as a “knapsack of special provisions, maps, passports…” As with all arguments purporting to demonstrate the existence of a phenomenon, the burden of the proof lies on 1415 to prove the existence of white privilege, not on his opponents to disprove the existence of white privilege. 1415 seeks to prove with specific pieces of evidence, so 1415 will be disproved if those pieces of evidence are sufficiently critiqued, or 1415’s veracity will be thrown into doubt if countervailing evidence is presented.

REASONS FOR THE WEALTH GAP
1415’s main point in A (and to an extent C) is that whites and minorities with the same education levels differ in wealth (difference between what one owns and what one owes). This analysis is severely flawed. Simply showing that disparity exists is not sufficient reason to assume the existence of privilege. Disparity in wealth between minorities does not imply that the disparity is caused by discrimination. 1415 assumes from the Duke study that because a member of a minority with higher education has less wealth than a white household of lower education, there is discrimination. This is a classic case of conflating correlation for causation. Here is a quote from researchers from Brandeis University who followed a nationally representative group of 1,700 families:

https://clime.newark.rutgers.edu/…/files/racialwealthgapbri…

“Among households with positive wealth growth during the 25-year study period...the number of years of homeownership accounts for 27 percent of the difference in relative wealth growth between white and African-American families, the largest portion of the growing wealth gap. The second largest share of the increase, accounting for 20 percent, is average family income. Highly educated households correlate strongly with larger wealth portfolios, but similar college degrees produce more wealth for whites, contributing 5 percent of the proportional increase in the racial wealth gap. Inheritance and financial support from family combine for another 5 percent of the increasing gap. How much wealth a family started out with in 1984 also predicts a portion (3 percent) of family wealth 25 years later. Unemployment, the only significant factor that depleted wealth since it forced families to draw upon their nest eggs,explains an additional 9 percent of the growing racial wealth gap. In addition to continuing discrimination, labor market instability affects African-Americans more negatively than whites [due to the jobs that each race is more likely to take].”

All percentages sum to 69% (31% left unaccounted for, which is understandable given the complexity of this topic). Now, the reasons for the wealth gap become much clearer.

HOMEOWNERSHIP RATES

Yes, government policies helped to exacerbate the wealth gap by disproportionately granting mortgage loans to whites. However, something interesting to note here is the experience of a similar minority group – the Japanese. In California and fourteen other states, laws barring Japanese from owning land and property lasted from 1913 to 1952. As a result, the Japanese were unable to participate in the rapidly rising land values in the US post WW2. But by 1970, Japanese-Americans were surpassing whites in terms of income, and Asian Americans’ wealth is now equal or surpassing that of whites today. What happened? Asian-Americans were clearly heavily discriminated against in the US. After all, the US had just finished fighting a brutal war against the Japanese, who were stereotyped as uncivilized barbarians. It is safe to say that they experienced comparable levels of discrimination, yet they were still able to succeed economically. At the very least, this puts the current narrative into doubt. The Japanese were able to exploit their strong work ethic and individual abilities towards success.

Even assuming that the years of homeownership and inheritance can all be attributed to racism, (accounting for 35% of the gap) which it cannot be, this still leaves 65% of the wealth gap to be explained by average family income, education, unemployment (accounting for 34% and will be addressed next) and other factors.

INCOME AND EMPLOYMENT

I think it is fair to assume that we all agree that employment is one of the best ways to earn money. So the solution is quite obvious – get a job. The standard progressive rejoinder is that blacks are “systematically discriminated against” by employers. This does not hold up on a theoretical level nor is it borne out by evidence (strangely, I found that economic studies and sociological studies usually differed, but anyways). A quick theoretical explanation of why firms find nondiscrimination to be in their best interest is that discrimination shrinks the labor supply from which a firm chooses competent workers, which raises wages and costs for the firm. The pursuit of profit, one of capitalism’s most maligned characteristics, functions to incentivize firms to prevent discrimination, which decreases profit. Hence, firms will tend towards being bias-free. Here’s some evidence from John Nunley, economics professor at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse, Adam Pugh at CUNA Mutual Group in Madison, Wisconsin, Nicholas Romero, an economics professor at the University of Pennsylvania, and Richard Seals, an economics professor at Auburn University: their methods for signaling race were to assign to resumes stereotypically black and stereotypically white names and then compare the callback rates for interviews – these are generally acknowledged to be fair methods. Results: there was a gap of 0.1-0.3% between black and white applicants’ callback rates for non-customer related jobs. However, a 14% gap did exist in jobs that involved customer interaction. The researchers hypothesized that this was due to an accomodation of bias in customers who did not want to associate with blacks. Unfortunate, yes, but not something that can be fixed through government action (the only solution I can think of is to force customers to shop without racial bias, which doesn’t sound like it could be abused at all).

http://fortune.com/2014/11/04/hiring-racial-bias/ 
https://www.researchgate.net/…/273905831_Racial_Discriminat…

EDUCATION

1415 claims that returns for education are unequal among blacks and whites – however, quite a few studies contradict that claim. They conclude that education has positive returns that largely do not differ across racial or ethnic divisions.

https://ideas.repec.org/…/fed…/y2006iqiip14-27nv.30no.2.html 
Fred Hines, Luther Tweeten, and Martin Redfern, “Social and private rates of return to investment in schooling, by race-sex groups and regions,” Journal of Human Resources, Summer 1970, pp. 318–340; 
Susan Averett and Sharon Dalessandro, “Racial and gender differences in the returns to 2-year and 4-year degrees,” Education Economics, March 2001, pp. 281–292; 
Lisa Barrow and Cecilia Elena Rouse, “Do returns to schooling differ by race and ethnicity?” Working Paper 2005-02 (Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, February 2005), pp. 34; 
Lisa Barrow and Cecilia Elena Rouse, “The economic value of education by race and ethnicity,” Economic Perspectives, 2Q/2006 (Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, 2006), pp. 14–27

Point B is an interesting argument (essentially, Western beauty standards contribute to unemployment). While there is truth in the statement that attractiveness is correlated to higher income, studies generally find that intelligence, education, assertiveness, confidence, and a host of other factors play a far more decisive role than attractiveness. White beauty standards are hardly an insurmountable obstacle.

But let’s grant that attractiveness is actually a significant determinant of black employment and success – what are you going to do about it? People are psychologically predisposed to find those of their own race more attractive or aesthetically pleasing. Two possible “solutions” are 1) from government or 2) from voluntary associations. The former sounds horrifying, and I hope no progressive endorses it. The latter just seems futile. I hope it works, but I doubt its efficacy.

INHERITANCE

1415 seems to hold the idea that privileges in inheritance is wrong. This idea is false. The only justification needed for inheritance is that it is a consensual transaction between progenitor and offspring. Economically speaking, it counts for a minute percentage of the wealth gap – not something to be concerned with.

THE CONSERVATIVE/LIBERTARIAN ROLE FOR THE STATE IN FIXING SOCIETY

The goals of the state (assume that it is legitimate for the sake of argument, since I and others are anarchists/voluntaryists) do not involve promoting racial equality or any sort of class equality - they only include protecting negative rights, such as the right to hold private property, the right not to be physically harmed, etc. The reason is that the rationale behind forming a state is purely so that we stopped stealing from and killing from each other, and nothing else. The social contract involved only that. To change the mandate of the state from protecting these negative rights to including promotion of equality means using the resources of those who do not consent to this amendment without their permission, which is axiomatically wrong. As a result, even proof that privilege exists can never be the basis for state policy.

Don’t get me wrong: racial/gender/insert X identity equality is not wrong to be strived after. What I define as equality is if a member of some identity is placed in the status of a member of another identity, he ought to return to the same pre-displacement status. That is to say, a black person should be able to reach the status of an equally initially situated white person in the same amount of time, minus effect of inheritance. This paragraph ought to be agreeable to all, except for that inheritance clause. To address that:

The issue of reparations is not included. To address reparations, the one claiming that he is entitled to another’s inheritance should prove that the inheritance was aggrandized at least partially through crime, in accordance with the principle of presumption of innocence. Only after proving that, say, the plaintiff’s ancestor was wronged, that the ancestor’s disadvantage was inherited by the plaintiff, and that the defendant’s inheritance benefited from the defendant’s ancestor’s crime can a reparation be justified. Of course, this would outlaw all reparations made by identity because classes based on identity do not commit crimes - individuals commit crimes.

Obviously, this was not fully comprehensive. I did not address many issues, such as possible discrimination against blacks for promotions, possible propensity to mental disease, etc, and my arguments may have been flawed. I still think it was worth writing. Anyways, perhaps white privilege exists. Perhaps there is privilege in being male. But perhaps not. So, simply believing 1415’s sources for what is said would be mistaken. The evidence surrounding this topic can be twisted for either side. If you’ve made it to the end, thanks for reading. I hope you learned something. Found out that one of my dropout friends is actually gay porn star who was even in a film titled “Berkeley: Sophomore Year.” Some random dude my roommate met freshman year has came over uninvited to our apartment at least three times now and it's driving me into a corner. Unfortunately my roommate actually seems to enjoy having this dude just show up out of nowhere. The last time this happened she dragged him to her bed and they probably had sex for an hour or so before I saw him leaving. What makes me even more uncomfortable is that I see him giving off intensely creepy vibes, and when I tell my roommate that I don't feel safe around him, she just tells me she finds him "fascinating" and that "we just perceive his behavior in different ways". I do acknowledge that he doesn't trash our place or mooch off anything, always leaves before midnight, and keeps his distance with me, but this isn't about someone being a bad guest and disrespecting the spirit of our lease or anything like that. I'm honestly concerned for my roommate as he doesn't know her all that well and I'm afraid that he might do something horrifying one day. At this point I don't know how I should approach my roommate about this since she always tells me to not "control who she sees like her parents did," but I do feel uncomfortable every time he shows up and it's not something that I should have to deal with even if it doesn't happen all that often. Those of you who know me will definitely guess who I am but please don’t tag me here for obvious reasons lmao.

I’m graduating in May, and one of my biggest genuine regrets in Berkeley is not having started a fanfiction DeCal. Those of you who are involved in that kind of fandom might know that someone did start one four years ago and it ended it a kind of shitshow, and the class became kind of notorious over Tumblr for a while, but this would have been a chiller sort of deal, more of a way to meet other people interested in fanfiction/fanart/fanvids/etc who I DEFINITELY know exist in Cal through various winkwink hinthint comments about Korra and Asami or Captain America and the Winter Soldier. I met a few of my friends this way.

I had a whole syllabus planned for a while, but I didn’t go through with it in the end because I’m working in a male-dominated industry with known and publicized gender discrimination issues after graduation, and it’s just not a good idea for me to have my name and fanfiction profile listed on the DeCal page right under my LinkedIn. It’s kind of sad though, knowing that there are people with similar interests out there who I won’t ever have met. C’est la vie. I am honestly so confused at how investment bankers get paid so much. I constantly hear my friends talk about their 40-80 hour jobs as summer analysts and I find it insane how a junior at Cal would be able to pull in over $50,000 over 10 weeks. Yeah, i know the hours are 80+ per week and weekends as well, but to be honest I have my doubts that all they do is just sit there and do what to be told. Respect for going through the recruiting process but I'm just here sitting as a biology major looking at 10-12 more years of medical schooling and student loans while half of my friends are straight chilling. The system isn't fair and these people should be taxed way more than what they currently are at right now. There is no other job that offers such menial work and gets paid so much. I promise to myself after seeing my grandfather suffer from smoking cigarette that I'd never smoke. After two years of trying weed, I started enjoying this [m....h] vape oil. It makes me orgasm so many times. The first time I had it, I couldn't stop fucking. The many times I have tried it, I couldn't stop cumming multiple times *lucky perks of being a woman* because every thrust matters and gives you sensation. I recommended my friends back at home in Asia because she said she can't cum. I’m sitting in bed with the love of my life cuddled by my side and I can’t help but feel grateful for this man. Last semester was one of the hardest semesters I’ve had at Cal and he was my rock every step of the way. He’s a humanities major and I’m a STEM major so our classes unfortunately never line up, but we always make time for each other. Though we’ve been dating for a short while (less than a year) I feel a strong connection with him and honestly could see myself spending the rest of my life with him. He’s the best. Darling, if you’re reading this right now, I love you, and i can’t wait to tell you how much i love you each and every day for the rest of my life I live in a Clark Kerr apartment and it’s really nice, but the walls are super thin. My bed shares a wall with the bathroom and every time my one roommate goes it’s super loud and it grosses me out. I’ve been hearing her blow it up in there all year and at this point I don’t even like talking to her because I can’t get those sounds out of my mind. All this is made worse by the fact, I’m sure, that her food storage and safety habits leave a lot to be desired. Once she made pasta with some kind of sauce on it and then left it on the stove for over a day unrefrigerated. I saw her eating it a few days later and sure enough she had the shits later that night, which unfortunately I had the privilege of listening to. This is to one of the admins on here. I don't think you know who I am and in all honesty I know little to nothing about you. But life is a funny thing and I find myself thinking about you every once in a while. One of those innocent "what if we were friends things". But you see, there is a little bit of a story to this. Because I see you everywhere. On campus. Where I live. And now even on the Facebook groups I frequent. I think I first "met" you in one of those introductory meetings in our residence hall Martinez during GBO week. At the end we were told to go introduce ourselves to someone around us. Maybe you stood out to me because you were the only one wearing a suit and tie but maybe because you look like my ex. It was probably both. I think you said something along the lines of being a math major. And you lost interest when I told you I was into liberal arts. But of course doesn't end there. I see you around in Crossroads and downstairs of our residence hall, often waving hi and excitedly calling out to people you know. Maybe it was because you looked straight past me, but I think that was the first time I wondered what it would be like to be your friend. Through the handful of times I've seen you around, I remember you in that red onsie on Halloween. Of course I had no idea it was you -- I just complimented the guy in the trippin outfit, but when you turned around, a little surprised, I realized, and so maybe that is why I remembered you. Or maybe it was the time when I was scrolling through confessions and saw you lure some post-er $5 to reveal himself. Or maybe the time when you wandered into the lounge on my dorm floor and caught me and my friends playing DND. You just lingered for a moment, inquired whether we were playing DND, and awkwardly scurried away. I wanted to invite you to our game. A while ago I saw you in CS61A. I've had enough. I think you're a hilarious bean. I don't feel like revealing myself but if you feel like there's a gal you seem to see around every so often as well, that's probably me. hmu to nerd out In the winter, I often get extremely turned on. This is because many people wear sweaters, and stuff fruit up their sweater sleeves so that it looks like a giant ballsack hanging on their wrist. Just imagining the juicy fruit dripping on me makes me so horny. Anyone else relate or is there something wrong with me? Please help, I have been thinking about this nonstop since last semester when it started getting colder. I like it when my boyfriend and I have a good fuck and afterwards he turns onto his back and knocks tf out. Its just so satisfying having him fall asleep so quickly because it feels like you did a good job. Also its cute hearing him snore. There's this friend of mine who's kinda hot and I want to hook up with him but I'm afraid to bring it up because all my other friends all say he's really creepy even though I don't get that feeling at all when I'm around him. In fact he strikes me as the last person who would push for something against my consent but most of the people I know seem to be shaming me into not trying and I don't want to lose all my other friends  one time i told a guy that i had aspirations to go to law school & eventually join the epa and he then proceeded to tell me he was more politically active than me the entirety of the time we dated bc he watched house of cards 
and if you’re wondering whether or not he was yt.... yea he was I just want to take a moment to acknowledge my wonderful boyfriend for taking care of me. He’s renewed my faith in humanity to not be ableist.

When we first started, he took care of me during a cold. Not toooo bad but he got to know the disabled side of me immediately. This weekend, I finally had a PTSD-related episode while I was with him and he was there for me, unprepared but willing to learn. He carried me to my apartment, administered the emergency medicine, stripped and bathed me, tucked me into bed, and cleaned up the whole mess before joining me to sleep. At 5am.

I’m so lucky to have someone who cares so much for me and accommodates my every need. We’ve only been dating for less than 3 months but I know he’s the one. Dear, you know who this is, so thank you and I love you. leaving from my morning class
it's a nice day
lots of busy students
cute squirrels
and been talking to this cute girl
getting all my sleep
taking fun classes

last semester at Cal
life is good We should boycott or censure clubs that vandalize kiwibots with their flyers. I've jacked off, and cummed, in every stall of every bathroom on the 4th floor of Moffitt. My friend and I made a bet and I did it (over the span of a month). Easy $70 :)

He has pics to prove it (of the cum, not me) Also, jacking off in between studying is super nice, gets me more focused after I finish. I plan on continuing this (maybe starting on the 5th floor bathrooms now). I wanna eat some pussy so bad. Unpopular opinion, but especially some smelly, unwashed, berkeley pre med pussy. Like one of those pre med girls that could be super hot but doesn’t try with makeup. I used to think of myself as a "cool girl" in relationships. Or maybe a "yes girl", because I'd go along with anything: shotgunning beer, giving blowjobs in public, you name it. All until I met my current boyfriend. He tries to hide it, but it's obvious that he has a fetish for Asian girls like me. He's close friends with about half a dozen, including his exes, that he finds really hot, and seeing him react to them has slowly destroyed my self-esteem. We all look the same and I've realized I'm not special to him. He's doesn't think I'm cool: he thinks I'm easy.

And he's right. Now I'm desperate for his attention. I daydream about him coming to surprise me with flowers at work. I imagine him wrapping his jacket around me when it gets cold on campus. Maybe he would get me a necklace some day. What could it be like? I'd blush and thank him, and he'd kiss me, say he loves me. We'd hold each other and be so incredibly happy.

I just want to know he likes me, but all I see is him shifting in his seat, eyes all big with a half-smile, as he gets another snap. ppl i beg you all to have better sidewalk awareness... sucks when a group of ppl take up the entire sidewalk and expect me to move out of the way... i will not move out the way.. I’m glad I have summer classes this year. Not because of the classes, but because if I’m still single by then, I can go on Tinder and be a slut for all the Irish exchange students. (WHOLESOME WEDNESDAY)

A. Aditi Ramakrishnan, oh my god you're so pretty. 
I just wish you were Bi and I could ask you out for a date.
But still, 
Oh 
My 
God
You're pretty

B. Nick Majamaki is actually pretty scrumptious and smart. Not even gonna hide that I think you’re a pretty good snack.

C. I had a dream that I showed up to my cs 168 final late and without my cheat sheets so I cried to Gustavo the TA and he let me just dip and take my final the next day... shoutout to Gustavo for being MVP in my dream even though no TA in their right mind would let that go down in real life!

D. Ajay Raj is a 10/10 @god please lmk if he’s single

E. Vick Sahni has such BDE and I appreciate his rude jokes as long as they're not @ me. I feel like a lot of people find me to be a boring person, and I don’t necessarily disagree with them. If someone were to ask me what makes me interesting or special, I honestly couldn’t tell them. The other day, I was with some friends of mine, and I made a joke. One of my friends was surprised and answered that my joke was actually funny. This got me thinking that maybe my friends see me as a really dull person. I struggle with talking to new people because I can’t think of anything interesting to talk about, and I probably come off as robotic and generic to most people I come across. I feel like when I’m with my friends, it wouldn’t really make a difference if I was there or not, like my presence is so minimal that it’s as if I’m not even there. I enjoy the presence of my friends a lot, and I’m truly grateful for them, but I’m not sure they can truly say the same about me. I can’t help but think that the people I’ve met will eventually leave me behind and forget about me because of the minimal impact I’ve made on their lives. I wonder if people would notice if I disappeared or whether or not my disappearance would even change anything from their day to day lives. This is probably why I don’t have a significant other or a bustling social life. If I died (which I don’t plan to anytime soon), how long would it take for people to move on from me? Would they have any memories of me, or would I just be a blur in their minds? I guess the only person I can really blame is myself for being so uninteresting, but I don’t really know how to fix it. I love my roommate. I do. But oh my god I do not understand for the love of all that is good why he refuses to have the heaters on. It’ll be cold as hell in the apartment, my nipples are so hard they could cut bread, but still he won’t let me put the heater on. I’ve been sick all of these past two weeks since school has been back and I’m always cold. But still no heater. God damn son I know you’re from the east coast but it’s gone too far. I’m not about to rock the boat and bring it up again, but please sort your shit out. If you’re so worried about the power bill then the two space heaters in my room that I have on constantly will definitely be more expensive than 1hr of a god damn liveable temperature in this apartments. I guess my confession is I’ve been an escort for for 3 years of undergrad. It’s how I paid for the tuition. You’d be surprised the amount of Stanford clients I’ve taken care of.

Graduating this May and got into Stanford for grad school ironically. Sometimes when I wake up in the morning, I feel like I’m on a serotonin low. I just feel unhappy (for no reason in particular). 
I don’t have that many friends here, and am sort of excluded from the people I believed to be my friends. But other than that, nothing’s wrong with my life. 
I just feel sad at times and that literally saps the energy out of me, and makes me not want to do anything. 
I’m not afraid to seek help; but I’m wondering if I need it? Are these early symptoms of depression? I am currently a senior about to graduate, so I thought I don't really have anything to lose at this point. And I really want to do a lot with my best friend by my side, but I can't. Her boyfriend is gay, but she does not know that. I went to a party once and saw him making out with another guy. I have a lot of our mutual friends come to me complaining about how they can't see said friend because her boyfriend is so needy for her. I would describe him as a child always needing to be with his mommy. HE IS ALWAYS WITH HER. And I am not sure if she enjoys it all the time. I feel like he emotionally manipulates her, and because he does not have any friends of his own, he spends all his time with her. Before I leave school, I want to have the guts to tell her why I didn't want to room with her after freshman year...IT WASN'T because I wanted to live close to BART, it was because your boyfriend is actually insane, and is using you as a beard. I was in a triple during my freshman year, and one of my roommates was never there, but I spent quite a bit of time in my dorm room. But every single time that I would come back from class, he would be there. Like didn't he or she understand that I did not want to see his face every single second of the day. Sometimes I would legit just stay in my dorm and get croads to bring it to my dorm just so that he wouldn't come in. It was completely rude of her to think that I wanted to see him all the time, or that when I walked into the room, I would love to see them cuddling. No, its gross. I get it you guys have sex, but do you really have to lay there after the sex for that long and only get up when I come back home. Yes, they are actually laying post sex in the bed when I walk in. I actually went to 61a lecture, that's how much I hated being in the dorm with him there too. So bestie, if you are reading this, I just want to let you know that your boyfriend is using you as a cover. That you are not in a healthy relationship, and that sometimes you have to do things for yourself and not for him. And also, think about the people around you. We are 22, and your boyfriend still can't sleep without being cuddled. It's my last semester here at Berkeley, and while there's a lot I'm going to miss here, the one thing I am sorely going to miss is teaching. I've been a TA for CS courses at Berkeley for almost 2 years now and I've basically been involved in the teaching community for computer science since my second semester at Berkeley (lab assisting, tutoring, organizing review sessions, etc). And man, I absolutely love doing it. There's just something about helping students out that is so meaningful to me. The moment they have a sudden moment of understanding. The moment in which you lead them to an approach to solve a problem and they figure out how to do something that they didn't think they were capable of achieving. The moments in which students realize that CS is not just some arcane field reserved for a few highly intelligent people, but it's a field that they can succeed in. Throughout my time as a TA, I've had students come back to me and tell me that they never thought they would get into this field and now they absolutely love what they are doing. I have a former student who just told me she got her dream job at Google and told me that she never would have gotten there without having me as a TA the first semester she took CS. Like damn, how fucking cool is that to know that I may have had a small part in shaping someone's future career and life trajectory. While I've enjoyed many of the activities I have been involved in at my time in Berkeley, teaching is by far the most rewarding. I'm not sure how much teaching I'll ever get to do in my future, but I'm going to make sure I make this last semester count. Whenever I see someone with a heavy backpack listening to music on their Airpods, I think about taking them and running because I know I can outrun them and UCPD wouldn't do anything about it. The reason the goddang internet is so slow in this school is because everyone is watching Netflix while studying. Get off your computers and actually study! During last semester's dead week, I was studying in the library when I looked up from my desk work to see a pretty girl staring right at me very intensely. I can't remember when was the last time someone looked at me that way. We must have looked at each other for a good two seconds before I smiled lightly at her and continued my work. She continued to do this to me possibly a dozen times, switching between her school work and fidgeting around in her seat, crossing and uncrossing her legs, flicking her back with her neck while looking at me from behind her hair locks like a rabid animal transfixed with a piece of raw meat. We continued to make long eye contacts without exchanging words. I wasn't sure if she wanted to jump on me or kill me. After half an hour or so, it was beginning to become so overbearing that it was distracting me from my studies, although I wasn't entirely displeased. Deciding to prioritize my studies, I began to pack up to leave and find somewhere else to study. Since the library was completely silent, I decide to write my name and phone number on a piece of scratch paper to hand to her. As I approach her desk, I offer the piece of paper in my hand. Without making eye contact with me, she looks at the paper in my hand and whispers "thank you" as she takes it and sets it next to her school materials on her desk. I walk out of the library moderately stunned at the mostly silent transaction that had just occurred. She never contacted me. My boyfriend is actually the fucking best. Although we message each other consistently throughout the day, he always goes above and beyond to surprise me with sweet emails here and there, telling me how he loves me or that he misses me. One day out of nowhere, I opened my email and found a filled out application he sent me requesting for a hug from me. It was the cutest thing ever and I smiled so hard in class, people probably thought I was weird. Ofc that night, I gave him the biggest hug ever. Also the other day, he met my dad for the first time. On the way to the restaurant, he was studying up on basketball because he knew my dad is a Warriors fan and he wanted to make a good impression. I thought that was hilarious. He even wore a sweater because he knows how hot I think he looks in them. Haha how sweet. On top of all that, whenever I feel down about something, he's always there for me and makes sure to be present and listen to my problems to make me feel better. He'll send me TonTon Friends comics because he knows how cute I think the characters are. I love how he is able to brighten my day by making me laugh when we text, but also is able to make me feel so warm and fuzzy inside when he's with me in person. I am honestly the luckiest girl in the world. If you are reading this babe, I love you so much. You are my one and only. :') I regularly masterbate in the leconte bathrooms. I like to think of my penis as a magnet, my hand as a conductive metal sheet, and my semen as the expelled magnetic field. There are so many pretty girls on campus I just want to say hi to them all. I've waited 7 months to say this but I really want some yung premed cock rn mmm uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh mmmmmm and maybe from a tall asian dude too or someone that's tall (that works too).. (Submitted within a minute of each other)

A. I'm sitting in main stack rn, and there is this asian guy bent over his laptop typing an essay rn. And it's double spaced. But that's not important. His legs are practically ripping apart the thread to his pants and little does he know it's giving me one massive boner.

B. Sitting in mainstacks and the dude across from me has a perfect four o'clock shadow, is listening to pop through his headphones sorta loudly, and has the longest eyelashes I have ever seen. Oops, I think I'm in love. i'd let mozart hit it raw Sooo I’m in CS and haven’t received any kind of internship offer yet. I’ve gotten interviews for like 5 places and none of them gave me offers. I don’t know what to do now... I prepared extensively for tech interviews using CTCI and I thought I did well on all of them, but I don’t know why they keep rejecting me and they won’t share any feedback. How am I gonna get a full-time if I don’t get any experience?? So, when it’s cold outside, one of my eyes oftentimes starts to stream tears. And this happens a lot. And I feel like a significantly-less-badass-but-still-minorly-badass version of the villain from Casino Royale. Just wanted to share that. At Cal, y’all should find all the pleasure you can in the little things. At the end of a long day those little gems add up. It's a fact. Time and time again it has been proven that eating good food makes us not only better physically, but mentally as well. CalDining, it's time for a change. We NEED more diversity in the menus that are served. No, I don't want your overcooked "Beef Chili Colorado" with unchewable meat. No, I do not want your "Chicken Tikka Masala” that fails to reflect the food of my people, and frankly, is an insult to our cuisine. No, I don't want your citrus-glazed pork loin that can't be eaten in a timely manner. And don't get me started about the fucking "FRESH VEGETABLE MEDLEY". We do not want this poorly prepared food every week. Not only this, we need more menu diversity for vegans and vegetarians. There's simply not enough options, and I can guarantee you that they do not enjoy eating quinoa every week with that fresh vegetable medley. Think of the athletes as well. There certainly needs to be reform in this area, and as a first step, the ASUC should start discussing this issue. I want a boyfriend for the sole purpose of stealing/wearing all of his hoodies. But more specifically, I need a guy that has one of those hoodies that all of the athletes wear with the cursive "California." They cost $99 and I am just not ready to commit to that price yet, so I would really rather find a boyfriend that already owns said hoodie. He doesn't even have to be an athlete. Berkeley has made me into a robot that shuttles from assignment to assignment, class to class and meeting to meeting. There is no life other than study, go to club meeting where we pretend to be hot shit, and listen to lecture for sake of note-taking to beat exams. Sure I can mix it up by challenging myself to jacking off in every library bathroom on campus (I've hit all the big libraries and main stacks, now need to go to smaller department specific libraries) but what's the fun in that. It's only doing it for the sake of doing it to mix up your day. One can only take so much rote shuffling back and forth and writing code/doing parts. I'm not sure how to inject fun or a sense of joie de vivre when deadlines are pressing or when there is pressure to get jobs/into grad school or when there is grade pressure since if I ignore these pressures, then I fall behind in the Berkeley class since everyone else is obeying these pressures. I refuse to be a robot at Berkeley who drinks or gets high to mask fulfillment issues or substitute for social interactions but I'm also not basic or snakish or west coast or passive enough to run in most social circles at Cal. I dont have a fake personality or much social media game. I hunt/fish and go outdoors back home but I haven't met anyone here who does these things. I'm just the average Indian dude from the middle of the country who got into Cal I feel like on accident and now is sorta stuck in an endless loop/hyperreality of boba drinkers, basic asians who I dont understand, not a fob, engineered social media personas coming to life in people, and groups of people who I respect but dont really connect with.

I guess jacking off in the libraries it is. (I pretty much have full loads to fire every day so I'm never dry) I hate running into people I used to know (esp. at the beginning of the semester) and exchanging the whole set of “let’s grab lunch sometime!” “Omg we’ve GOT to catch up!!” pleasantries. Like, there’s a reason I USED to know you— you’re an object of the past. Please respect the bubble of mental HEALTH I’ve finally been able to build around myself & take your PROBLEMATIC (if not COMPLETELY TOXIC) ass elsewhere. Looking down and walking away quickly is the real courtesy here. I've never been to a party. I've never hooked up or even had sex. And I fucking don't care one bit. Bad shit goes down at parties; people snort all kinds of white powders while creepy ass guys slip goodness knows what into girls' drinks, then take advantage of them later. Man, fuck that shit! I'm over there juggling upper division technicals, solving quantum mechanics problems, doing 2 clubs, and working and volunteering on the side. I ain't got time to burn at some sleazy ass frat house where I engage in a contest to see who can accelerate the deterioration of their liver function the fastest. No way Jose! I'm fucking going places!

Before ya'll call me out for being a jealous motherfucker, let me set the record straight. It's not like I want to go to a party or anything. It's not like I want a sex partner or anything. No, I'm just trying to fucking survive this semester without getting killed by my classes, you big dummy! All I want... is someone who can understand the struggles the typical Berkeley student goes through. Cal is a rough place, where we face rampant grade deflation, a glacier-esque bureaucracy, and a Chancellor that refuses to cancel class even if the air quality is 199. Typical Cal students such as myself all struggle, and despite our often intense and varied involvement, we often feel lonely and depressed. Stanford may have given rise to the term "Duck Syndrome," but this ailment reaches its greatest extent not in Palo Alto, but right here at home. All we want... is someone who can understand us Honestly, I am constantly struggling with what the definition of "normal" is. You hear "everyone is unique" a lot growing up, but at the end of the day, there is still a "normal" that society seems align with. Throughout my current relationship, I've always struggled with how relationships were supposed to go, and was always afraid of being THAT crazy boyfriend. Honestly I don't know if I ended up doing a good job of it, but I have certainly tried. Recently, me and my boyfriend had a fight that really made me reconsider my values. I tried comparing my values with what society might consider normal, but honestly, it was a fruitless attempt. I tried asking people, and got differing answers. I'm honestly lost at how to proceed, because I really want a healthy relationship, but my needs are just not met and I don't know if its my problem or his. I am also deathly afraid of confrontation, so I also have difficulty reaching out, and only do when things get bottled up too much. If you're reading this (and still my boyfriend, you know who this is haha), then I love you, faults and all. To my best friend turned acquaintance,

I never knew what was bothering me until I looked at the date today.

February 4. I remember that day. It was our anniversary of friendship, Valentine's Day.

Funny how our friendship started because I thought you were gay. We were volunteers that day and you asked me for my number in the most awkward manner – fearing to be judged and fearing that I’m one with this patriarchal society. But no, I appreciated it, and I will have never known you without it happening. After 10 days of talking through, waiting for each other almost every night in our study area, I decided to give you a letter. A letter of friendship. In it is a dream catcher colored blue. Our favorite color. It was the boldest action I’ve ever done because I’ve done it to a person I just recently know and in front of people who call themselves, “straight boys.” You didn’t even thank me for it, you just accepted it like it doesn’t matter. I understand, I always have to. I understand that you are maintaining your alpha male personality. But I was different, I was transitioning to breaking my walls from being so secluded in high school. I thought, “Let my heart give a chance to love someone, unconditionally.” Looking back, that choice was the most painful, but it made me a lot stronger.

I told you all my pasts, my experiences during the war and my experiences being independent at a young age because my family condemns me. I told you this because I loved you so much, like my brother, you are my sibling that I have never had. We have the same interests in life, the same love of movies, songs, and food. The same heart for poor people. But our situations detest to that. I was born unprivileged and you were born of the riches. It was an ignorance for me to meet someone so perfect like you, who has a good heart to people like me despite their privilege. That day, I swore to myself I will never lose you as my best friend.

You were the only person I trusted so much in college, without reservations. You are my greatest treasure in life. Until our first fight, you fell in love with her – my closest female friend, whom I was also in love. I let you court her, give my support to you even if it hurts. I cannot lose you. I was thinking that time to give her to you because you have the courage to pursue her – I was so afraid to pursue her because I might lose our friendship. I became your wingman until your emotions consumed me. I broke down. I was depressed as I was not doing enough for you and as I was losing you as my constant as you pursued her. Something in me turned cold, and you noticed it. You asked me about my problem, and in response, I asked you what you think of it. You told me, “I think you need love.” That was the time every sacrifice I made for you and every happy memory became painful. I felt attacked that of all the past I told you, the darkest ones, all of it, was used to tell me that I was lonely growing up and I was never loved. Which is true, that’s why it’s painful. I felt vulnerable. But it was more painful coming from you. I blocked you but I realized I have to save our friendship. I have to save our plans to be godfathers of our own children and being the best man of our weddings. I had to save our sweetest exchanges of “I love you.” But you were too immature when I told you I want to talk personally. You shrugged it off and texted me that, “Let’s just be an acquaintance.” I cried in my room. I didn’t eat properly. I didn’t go out. I just mourned. I kept playing the songs we exchanged. I keep playing it until I realized it was months, and you never said you are sorry.

10 months after our first meeting. I remember that day. It was my birthday, I had the courage to ask your forgiveness for being “high maintenance” as you call it. I asked for your forgiveness for my heart to heal. It was the day I started changing my wardrobe, my haircut, deleted conversations, left shallow friendships, and reinventing myself. It was the day that my smile in front of the mirror meant so much to me. But something was different in me, my walls are taller than before I met you.

Looking back on February 4, 2018, I cannot believe I have grown so much from your memory. I keep ringing in myself our story of love beyond the cast of toxic masculinity, “blue is our warmest color.” I hope you still remember my letter, dated "The Valentine's." I love you.

Your acquaintance,
John Worst part about my break up is not getting to hang out with my ex's dog anymore 😞 Lilo was the bestest pup ever I miss her I cannot wait to move out of these fucking dorms! This goes out to all you sick people. I'm not even kidding when I say people would walk out of the toilet stall, make fucking eye contact, smile, and walk right out without washing their hands. THE AUDACITY YOU HAVE TO SMILE AT ME. I literally have to open the door with tissue paper. That's not even all there is to it. There's always food waste in the sink. Hair is always clogging the fucking drain. THE WORST PART IS THE FACT THAT I COULD WALK IN THE SHOWER STALLS WITH FUCKING SEMEN ON THE FLOOR OR WALLS. Beware, don't shower after 12....that's when your hear grunts and moans. Quiet hours don't exist either. You would hear people running down the halls at like 2am! Oh also, there's always a 80% chance that there is urine all over the toilet seats. Our $15k could be used wisely elsewhere. the other day I was doing some studying in the library and there was a guy near me. after a while his partner came and kissed him and was like “hiii” and so she drops her stuff to go to the bathroom. while she was walking away the way he stared at her omg. i have never seen love like this in front of my eyes before. girl you got a keeper. i need to fine one of those. Yesterday, my roommate pissed me off so bad. He kept making noise and being obnoxiously loud while I was tryna sleep.

Well, he got up to go to the restroom and in the meantime, I went to his desk, unzipped my pants, and stuck my flaccid penis into his cup of water.

He came back after pissing and took a big gulp of his water. Most satisfying vengeance. wow. i just dropped cs61b and honestly i could not be happier. it's so liberating. i'm free. there's so much pressure to be in stem/cs at berkeley, and i guess i was sucked into that whole toxic thing. but now that i'm out i'm so happy. i know at some points i'll probably regret dropping it, but really, the pros outweigh the cons, so who wins here?? i hated the environment i was in and the weekly deadlines for everything was just killing me. sometimes i think if i went to a different college and took cs there, i would like it. but oh well. glad to be free Pete Marsden is thick as FUCC. I don't want to be creepy, but he's got an ass like two grapefruits on a shelf. Holy god it's like I'm trying to learn some chemistry but then he turns around and Jesus fucc. It's like a truck making a left turn. It should come with a warning. It's very distracting, but not necessarily in a bad way. I'm not sexually attracted to him or anything like that. It's more of like a very intense, involuntary appreciation of ass. Like, wow, good job professor. I don't know what he did or ate or what, but whatever it was, the results were an ass that can make a jaw drop from the back in Pimentel (without the screen). The problem in being in such a high social caste is that literally 99% of the population is inaccessible. Sure, it’s easy to marry down, but everyone’s below me. I have a roommate who literally copies a lot of things I do. One minute I was eating chips, one minute later she walks to her little cabinet and eats chips. The next day I decide to get take out sushi. She gets sushi later on that day. I started making my bed every day to start my morning a little organized, the next day she does it too!!!

The weird thing is, she looks at me as competition, what an epitome of the pre-med culture!! I already finished taking most of the classes she’s currently and will eventually have to take, so why do I come back to the front of the door hearing her talking shit about me saying that I try too hard to be her since she—as she calls herself—a genius. Back tf up 3.25 gpa My friend and I are in love with our Bio 1A GSI. Would be willing to be sister wives for this man. when he goes into detail about transmembrane proteins we wish his protein would go through our membranes. can’t wait to learn about reproduction I had a dream where I made out with a cute girl who identified herself as the president of AFX (I'm not even in AFX so idk who the president is or how they look like). Then, she got mad at me because I missed a performance where I was supposed to be a black panther (the big cat not the superhero). But that dream was super vivid because I never felt such intense attraction for someone. Waking up was disappointing. And yes, I was on drugs. so, im a freshman here at Cal and I live in unit 1. every time the elevator breaks down i get kinda happy because i see you walking down the stairs sometimes. i honestly think you're the hottest man who lives in this building, but you would never recognize me outside of deutsch. i always study on the 5th floor now because im pretty sure you live there. once, we sat at the same table and you left your pencil there. i used it for my midterm and i got a B+ in data 8, so thank you so much tim. I’m going to come right out and say it: I voted for Donald Trump, and so did many other students at Cal. I’m also planning on voting for him again in 2020.
Part of the reason for that? Berkeley has shown me the ugliest side of “leftist” culture. For a university that prides itself on the exchange of ideas, it’s shameful how quick this university, its professors, and its various student organizations are to shut down opposing viewpoints. From the violent protests that erupt every time a conservative speaker comes to campus, to the the constant hammering-in of left-wing propaganda from official college mouthpieces, Berkeley is no place for free speech.
Guess what? I support economic deregulation, strong border security, thorough vetting of immigrants, gun rights, and private-sector solutions to healthcare. So do 60 million+ Americans. Believing in conservative ideals doesn’t make us “fascists” or “bigots,” no matter how much you all try to claim it does. Trump is by no means my top-choice candidate - in fact, I think he’s kind of a jackass - but I agree (along with most conservatives) with much of his policy platform, and therefore I voted for him.
My advice to liberals? Stop believing you have a monopoly on the “moral high ground” - you don’t. Stop indulging in this delusion that your crusade focused on “safe spaces” and “microaggressions” and “cultural appropriation” is taken seriously anywhere sixty miles from San Francisco. The VAST MAJORITY of Americans have as much derision and disdain for that intellectually dishonest drivel as I do.
And most of all, please stop shutting out your fellow students, friends, and colleagues for having different political opinions than you. College is a time to explore different viewpoints - not to shut yourself up in an echo chamber. I love it when people ask me what my dream med school is as if I have one. I will go to literally. any. med. school. This is not a rip on media studies. This has been weighing very heavily on me and I just want to share my experience.

TLDR: Asian guy lies to family about being STEM but is actually declared humanities. 
_______________________________________________________________________________
When I transferred here all my friends were undeclared CS and naturally their sphere of influence led me to 61A. I did not make it past the first midterm. The next semester I tried again and got much further, but still I failed.

Being Asian definitely did not help my situation. My family thinks I'm going to be at some big tech company generating a six figure income. This pressure to succeed has utterly destroyed me. After failing to pass 61A twice I declared media studies because it was the only thing I qualified for and would allow me to graduate on time. At that point I knew I would be a disgrace to my family. I have yet to tell them the truth.

Prior to this I used to look down on media studies majors. Now that I am one, I have developed an immense amount of empathy towards the humanities. That does not mean I'm proud of it, in fact, I rather not mention it.

When people ask what major I am my reply is always met with awkward silence, a head nod, or a forced "oh, cool" but I can tell what they are thinking. These reactions are especially common among STEM folk. You can see it in their faces, "Media studies... oh... unemployment." For the most part, there is some truth to it so I can't really blame them. The vast majority of media studies students don't have high salary jobs lined up. The major itself is very theoretical and not very practical, it is even mentioned on the department website. Yes, there is always that ONE person who someone scrapes their way into a big tech company but if they can do it as media studies they deserve it. They truly are an exception.

"But if they can do it, why can't you?" STOP. Just. Stop. We all have our limits. That's the equivalent of me saying, "Jimmy goes to Harvard and works for Amazon and made 300,000 tradings stocks last week, why can't YOU be like him? What's stopping YOU?"

Not all of us can work for Google. Not all of us can go to Harvard. Not everyone can get into Berkeley. We all have our places.

As for the dating scene I am at a complete disadvantage, well... on paper that is. I always hear girls around school talk about how wet they are for EECS or Haas. "Mr. Apple Intern is soooooo hot" "Omg he works at Deloitte???" "Humanities?? HAHAHA ewww no." Yes, I admit I am jealous. I wish my major had the same allure.

To make up for this factor I tried out for a consulting group where the founder was also media studies and was once in my shoes getting rejected from every other club. Ironically, the group is now filled with EECS and Haas, and yes, I got rejected. LOL. Fuck it. I can't even be sad about this anymore. It's happened so many times it's just funny now. At this point I have lost all motivation to try. Berkeley is very unforgiving to anyone who isn't at the top of the major heirarchy.

Despite my experience there are some good things to say about media studies. 
- A lot of kids go into marketing. So I guess there's that.
- There are for some reason a large amount of international kids in the major, I've noticed a lot of korean girls and just girls in general. In all my classes the guys are a complete minority group. If you're a stud you know what to do.
- You literally study memes and emojis in MS101.
- The faculty is incredibly nice and caring. I cannot count how many times the advisors have saved me.

There are probably more but I cannot recall right now.

There you have it. My media studies experience. It honestly feels better to have let it out even though this might not get posted. I still panic when someone asks about my major. Please don't judge others so harshly. Thank you for reading. Love is irrational, and if we want to resist succumbing to the effects of falling in love, or simply loving someone, then we first have to recognize that we will always be alone in this world because the rate at which our thoughts and feelings develop will always be different and/or not necessarily align with others at the same time, so we may feel incredibly lonely at times. But understanding that and accepting it as a part of human nature is the first step. The second step is to always keep a distance/boundary, (The only exception to this rule is between a parent and their child, which requires a very strong chemical bond to keep the offspring alive), keeping in mind that the person is never required, nor are you entitled, to having their company. If they choose to leave for some reason, don’t think further. If they left for a good reason, follow these steps: accept, learn, forgive, move on. If they left for a bad reason, follow these steps: keep them in the “avoid” box, learn, forgive, move on. Depending on the situation, you can choose to let them re-enter your life, but be wary, and never attempt the “closure” phase. Speaking of closure, do not expect anyone to give you closure, and do not give anyone closure if they do not deserve it. They have to recognize that they cannot simply receive closure whenever they want.

Never be foolishly, naively vulnerable. When you do have moments when you feel close to someone, recognize that the moment is nothing more than a brief intersection in ideas/beliefs, and that it doesn’t necessarily mean you two are automatically fit for each other, whether that be a romantic or platonic relationship. For all you know, that person already has another person they’re closer to and are not looking for a deeper relationship. Do not initiate until you have more details.

This all makes it seem like you must become a stone-face, cold-hearted person. That is wrong. In fact, do the opposite. Be as kind, friendly, empathetic, and humble as you can, but be smart about it. Modern version of love has transformed incredibly. It almost seems everyone has their own definition.

Never say “I love you” unless it’s in a very special circumstance. I haven’t decided what this circumstance is yet, but don’t say it. If you care for someone, then care for them while they are still in your company. When they leave (if they leave), then it could be that they simply have a different idea of love.

If you’re reading this from the other side, you might think that I never actually care about you, or that I don’t trust you. That’s not true. Everything I do for you is because I care about you. I do expect you to return the investment I put in you. But once the investment ceases to reciprocate, I leave. Simple.

There’s no deeper meaning behind love, just like there’s no deeper meaning in you. You are what your relationship is to others, the world, and yourself. Your thoughts will always be wild and scattered, but the way you live your life (with exceptions to falling under the flawed nature of multiple social structures) is ultimately what defines you, whether it’s through physical, mental, spiritual, or emotional affects.

So last step. Once you recognize that you are in control of your own happiness, you’ll also recognize you can control everything you feel, despite the chemical reactions that make you feel otherwise. You can overcome those chemical reactions through different processes and changes in your beliefs. So if your biggest challenge is love, then you can control that too. The last step is finding someone who believes and lives the same way, making the both of you free to leave whenever, but choosing to stay because it’s a choice, not an effect of chemical reactions that you’re controlled by. Find someone who recognizes love has no deeper meaning and the purpose of having a partner is for consistency and daily doses of dopamine whenever you feel connected, but also recognizes it puts both of you in a vulnerable state, and having the strength to pull back before either of you lose the reins to your own chemical reactions.

Happy Valentine's Day. My kink is getting my heart broken. I haven't been in so much pain since a year ago when I couldn't tell my friend I loved her. I got rejected by a girl recently and we're still great friends but that shit still fucking stings. I don't want to see her anymore but due to circumstances I have to see her. But I like seeing her, it makes me sad and then angry. It fuels me. Right after she rejected me I had the hottest hate sex with a girl I met the next day. Guess some people aren't meant to find "the one." I'm so broken this shit turns me on. It is Valentine's Day and I will never find love again, so I ordered myself roses. I'm the only one I need. (And my Hitachi.) Sometimes, I like to mid-day naps—lucid dreaming away. These naps allow me to escape reality because I can finally be different—have the confidence to ask out my crush, speak up in my classes, and be comfortable with who I am. And then, my alarm sounds and I realize... it’s Valentine’s Day and I’m all alone again. I’m going to ask the girl in my lecture tomorrow that I have a crush on to go out for dinner. Please let’s all hope she says yes! Happy Valentines’ Day! I have a friend who i want to get a gift for since its valentines day but just plantonically. Im worried she will think im flirting with her. Is that a thing people do??? Plantonic valentines day gifts? i am in love with a guy who's been dating a girl for 4+ years (she doesnt go to cal). he's so sweet, kind, and funny with everyone so i am constantly misinterpreting his actions as flirting. we do spend a lot of time together because we have multiple classes together, which i always look forward to going to just so i can see him. i feel like he will never break up with this girl and even if he did, i know i'm not his type. I actually prefer people with below average size dicks. I can't handle anything else. Getting my cervix repeatedly punched and my vagina ripped open until it also becomes my asshole does not feel good.

[admin's note: Happy Valentine's Day!] You can't call yourself a Golden Bear until you've shit standing up. There’s this soph in my sorority dating this one upperclassman that is sooo fine. Tbh I haven’t really gotten to know her THAT well so I don’t know much about her other than that she’s a really sweet person. Almost like ... too sweet. I think her boyf has got be using her or something.

First he is like the opposite of her ... she’s really academic and he looks fratty asf. Oh and they look NOTHING alike. Like you wouldn’t guess they were together when you met them. He’s a pretty fit white boy with blue eyes and she’s a skinny Asian girl. I feel like he’s trying to get to know her friends or just wants sex or to get free meals at our house (lol IK this sounds dumb but I’ve legit thought abt this ok he’s over a lot now) .. would guys do that?? I don’t wanna see her get used by a fuckboy ... I'm really conflicted right now. I'm a Christian and I want to love God and find intimacy in my relationship with Him first before I enter into a relationship with someone else. But at the same time I feel like I've been drifting further away from my community and running away from God. As a result, I've been trying to fill my longing for intimacy from other places like hooking up, and I've just been numbing myself by constantly finding ways to be distracted. And I already feel like some people will say just screw God and religion because it's not letting me live the way I want. But deep down I know my greatest fulfillment and joy came from God and it's just that it's been really hard trying to find that again. Like literally I feel like I'm living a double life: being all wholesome on the outside but at the same time wanting to just be an F boy and hoe around. Like one part of me knows it's probably better for me to reach out for help within the church, but then there's another part of me that wants to use this as a platform to ask if anyone is looking for a friend with benefits.

Welp at least this rant might give a little perspective on what Christians go through inside from time to time and show that just because you're Christian doesn't mean you have everything put together. We're just like any other person trying to discover our sense of identities and purpose in this nebulous world. My boyfriend was perfect. We had our issues, but somehow we always worked through them. He was the kindest, sweetest, funniest, nerdiest, sexiest man I had ever met, and after four years I was sure that we were end game. But then I agreed to go on a trip with him and his family. Nothing major-- just a dinner, an overnight stay and a game the next day. I was so, so, so excited. It was a huge step for us. He had just started getting accepted by my family as well, so we were in a really good place. But then we get to dinner, and his family starts saying the worst things. Not all of them, mind you, but his grandfather (whom he adores) and his stepdad. They tore into EVERYTHING, and I really do mean everything. I heard the grandfather say pretty racist things before, but then they also started hating on immigrants (legal and illegal), health care, homeless people, climate change, and so much more. The kicker is that they know that my family and I immigrated to the United States when I was young. And they said all that shit in front of me, and I did nothing. I was absolutely paralyzed. What could I have done? I was the only POC at the table. We were at the freaking CLAIM JUMPER, with shitty "American Western" decoration plastered all over the walls. I was being drowned in right-wing American hate, and I felt like my identity was being swept to sea. I wish I had the courage to say something, but I didn't. I was so scared. I was so upset, and I have the worst poker face so I know that his sister (who was right across from me) definitely noticed. He did too. He apologized over and over again for what his family said when we were back in his car and even went as far as to say that we never had to eat with his grandfather again, but then it hit me--that's not what I want for him. I don't want him to give up any of his family for me. Yes, they're racist and awful, but they're his family. But they're not mine, and I can walk away from them. I just didn't want to walk away from him. We sat and argued in the car for 45 minutes (well, I yelled and he was completely understanding). He apologized for not standing up for me and assured me that the rest of his family wasn't like that. But like him, the rest of his family didn't say anything. So I asked him to take me back home to Berkeley. I took out all of my stuff from the trunk of his car and put the promise ring he gave me (just a month and a half ago) into his backpack. I broke up with him, and it was the hardest thing I had ever done. I loved him. I still love him. But damn it, I'm never going to let myself be silenced like that again. I have always been the person to choose other peoples' happiness over my own, but last night I chose myself. I don't know if I regret it or not yet, but I'm proud of my decision. But I love him. I think I will always love him. Guess I need to buy some more Ben & Jerry's and tissues now. Bye. I don't get why airpod owners are so cocky about their airpods. My $200 wired carbon fiber audiophile earbuds put them airpods in the sewer. PDA in campus libraries is nice and all, but y’all don’t know shit until you’ve experienced the joy of fucking in a classroom.

Had sex on a desk in a Dwinelle classroom, and I didn’t wipe off the mess afterwards. Have fun sitting down in your discussion this week. i creep on my ex's venmo transactions for shit and giggles, it's how i found out who his new girlfriend is and how i found out there was some overlap of him dating the both of us at the same time. funny thing is he charges her for everything (food, ubers, raves, etc.) and he rarely made me pay for anything even when i insisted. she seems super super nice though, hope she realizes he's an asshole before he breaks her heart. I get irrationally angry when I find out a friend or acquaintance is romantically interested in me. I should really be more flattered and grateful but I think the rage stems from me thinking in terms of “what the fuck do you even know about me” or “you just like the idea of not being single”.

Idk I just can’t help but to feel that people who approach me are just more interested in feeling better about themselves. CW: Suicide

I told one of my closest friends that I wanted to commit suicide, and she essentially ignored me.

So over winter break, the aforementioned friend was going to be running some errands, and I asked to come along, the reason being was my desire to avoid fighting with my mother, who frequently lashes out at me for small, perceived slights. The primary reason was that I feared that I was going to be a danger to myself and call an Uber to the Golden Gate to jump off. She told me that she would allow me to come along – once. Being pretty fucking suicidal, I was "somewhat" disappointed (and scared of what I might do) and asked why and was told no reason – although I got the impression that she just didn't want to see me or was too lazy for a slight detour – so I called her to try and convince her otherwise. I think I tried to figure out why she wouldn't help me by asking if I were a burden and that was why she was unwilling, and she barely reacted. So I told her that perhaps I should just leave forever. Tiredly, she told me not to joke about suicide, and I quietly murmured that perhaps, I wasn't joking.

I vividly remember one exchange: I asked her not to feel guilty if I died, and through tears she told me that I couldn't say that kind of stuff. Well, you didn't kill me, so why do you feel guilty? If it's because you could have helped, well then maybe you should have fucking helped. And when she railed that if I were in front of her, she'd physically assault me for daring to take myself away from her, I was tempted to point out the contradiction, but I'm pretty sure that's when I started crying.

It's been more than a month since then, and we haven't really talked since. I tried multiple times to bring it up, but she’s just deflected or repeated some trite reassurance. She kind of just sent some anime recommendations for me to watch. Which was nice. Tokyo Ghoul's really good, btw.

Ironically, she's said that when she thinks of the word "friend," I am the first person to come to mind. Not her sister, not her boyfriend (although I guess that's understandable), not her roommate and friend of >3 years, not even any of her friends at Cal, but me (seriously, I'm not even a girl). I would hate to know what treatment she'd give them if any of them told her about wanting to kill him/herself.

I guess I just want to know if her response was justified. Is it wrong to not check up on your closest friend when he wants to jump off the Golden Gate? I know I’m not entitled to your time, but just because you don’t have to check in on me doesn’t mean you shouldn’t. I understand if you're busy studying/tabling, but am I wrong in wanting you to care for a few minutes? Zero sarcasm intended. My brother and I didn’t always have the best relationship growing up, but we still loved each other in an awkward way. Because of this, there was a lot about him that I didn’t know up until now.

I used take on different hobbies, like baking or painting, but eventually abandoned them either from loss of interest or being randomly berated by my parents for making mistakes. Later, brother would take on these hobbies and excel at them.

I asked him later why he seemed to take on my failed hobbies and he said, “I was hoping that if I did the stuff you liked, that you would come play with me for once”. Unpopular opinion:
short guys are hot af. My CS discussion GSI can't be more than 5'6" and my heart starts racing every time I think about him. Once, I came a little before class started. He was erasing the board and had to tip toe to wipe the top of the board. His calves were so fucking huge (maybe from all that tiptoeing). And every time he jumped, I could just imagine his toned butt jiggling. The rest of that discussion, all I could think about was him and me and the table at the front of the classroom where I'm doing him. He only came to teach twice before he was replaced by someone else. Now I'm learning in class, but I'd trade Java for his dick any day. Unpopular opinion probably, but I am really frustrated with people's accents sometimes. Don't get me wrong, I'm an international student myself and I have nothing against people who are not native speakers. But sometimes when my GSI or professor has a really heavy accent, I get really frustrated and sometimes annoyed. Please don't take it the offensive way, but honestly, I JUST CAN'T GET WHAT YOU'RE SAYING jacking off with friends is better than jacking off alone. nothing gets me going than making my friend feel inferior!! i also like to compare sizes to assert dominance. however, it’s kinda awkward when it’s the other way around. it’s also pretty fun to send dick pics to ur best mates. i’m straight btw I feel so guilty sometimes And I have no idea what to do.

Basically, I am the eldest of all my siblings and am so lucky to go here. My parents pay my tuition and I work to pay for my rent and food but still, I feel so guilty. We are not well off and I know that my parents won’t be able to afford college for my 3 younger siblings. They insist on paying my tuition and tell me to enjoy college and don’t worry about the money. But all I do is worry. I want my siblings who I love the most out of anyone in the world to have the same opportunities that I have and I can’t help but feel like I’m robbing them from somthing they deserve.

This guilt is consuming and idk what to do. Sometimes I just sit in my room and wonder if it was better if I just dropped out and got a job. Does anyone have any advice? some of y'all gotta stop trying to convince people that you're special. I don't care if you got into this school, we all did. I don't care that you got that internship or put in that many hours. I don't care how many hours you didn't sleep, what clubs you're in, or how much you drank the last weekend. And I really don't care that you've watched 10 minute youtube videos until you're suddenly "well cultured" and "educated." If you're someone special then I would of been told already by the people around you. Stop trying to convince a crowd of fucking nobodies that barely gives two shits about you and focus on the people who decided to tolerate you and maybe even like you a little. If you're really that special then they will speak volumes and spin epics about you and maybe even I would be impressed with you. little twat. Honestly, the best feeling in the world is to see a stranger recripcate a smile back to you. Even better if it evolves into a friendship! I hope everyone smiles to a stranger or to someone you’re passing by, because smiling can seriously make someone’s day :) I hate how people here think that drinking and drugs validate how “cool” they are. I have friends who constantly talk about how “wasted they got last weekend” and I feel like half of the new people I meet always try to push the conversation topic toward partying and stuff. I’m not a straight edge, but its annoying af when every other conversation is about getting trashed. Don’t you people have anything better to do? Obviously they were all just nerds in high school who never partied and now feel like they have to one up everyone else now. its not a cute look. Today in my lab class the person who sat next to me said that they trusted me and that I should trust myself as well. They probably meant it as an offhand comment, but it really stuck with me. Trust is something that I've never really understood, and I definitely haven't really trusted myself for as long as I can remember (the only thing I can really trust is my ability to screw things up). But hearing this from a person who has barely known me really made me feel happy in a way that I can't really describe. I don't know whether I'll be able to trust myself (most likely not), but now I want to pass to someone else the same color of happiness that I felt this afternoon. The other day this cute guy knocked on my door and asked me for a spoon. I'm not really into Asian guys but he was so hot, in my mind I was like "why don't you spoon this ass instead" Sometimes, I regret coming to this school. As a transfer student, I feel that I am just not good enough. When I applied to UCs as a freshman, I did not get into a single UC. I felt defeated yet I was still determined to achieve a higher level of education, so I went to a local community college, and I got accepted to UCB, UCLA, and UCD. It was more than anything I could ask for. I chose to come to Cal because I though I could do something with my life.

However, it seems impossible to do anything here. I am a traditional premed student, so I have been applying to undergraduate research positions, and I haven't gotten into any yet. Last semester, I did not even get an interview, and I felt rejected and that brought up emotions I had been feeling when I got rejected by all UCs 2 years ago.

This semester, I finally got a research interview through URAP. I asked my professors for help and advice. It was suggested that I read the research paper, so I read the research paper, and it took me 6 hours, and I even skipped two classes because I though it was worth it.

When I go to the interview, I felt confident that I will crush the interview, but unfortunately, that was not case. There were two people who had to be interviewed before me. The first guy went, and he come out 5 minutes later. He described that he was asked technical questions about the research. The professor took that guy to the lab to make him do something. Then, the girl went in for the interview, and after she was finished, she was not sent to the lab.

It was finally my turn. I sat down on the chair, and I introduced myself. He asked me about my research experience. I described my research experience at my community college, but he interrupted me in the middle by saying, "is your last name supposed to be Spanish?" I replied, "no, I am Indian". Then, he said, 'Oh, so you are also a transfer student'. I nodded. I went on to continue telling him about my research experience. He interrupted me again by saying, "I will let you know if you are accepted for the position through the email". I was a little shocked that he ended the interview without asking me any technical questions about his research or about my availability. At the same time, I felt he was being racist, and I was definitely not given an equal opportunity. I came home, and I cried for an hour because I felt stupid for being a transfer student. It made me feel that I should not even try anymore because the professors won't see me as everyone else, but as a transfer student who is just not good enough.

I just feel defeated. I am tired. I don't what to do. I wish I was here as a freshman because I think I would have had more time to gain opportunities.

Just sad af! CRIES. Grade deflation DOES NOT EXIST AT BERKELEY!!!

Yep, your heard me. The curved classes are not deflation because grades are not increasing in value over time. Nor is there any indication that higher grades are getting more valuable. Contrast this with grade inflation, which would mean that more and more people get A’s with time so that the value of getting an A diminishes. Curved classes are more like the gold standard because they make sure the value of an object is maintained over time. I understand that grades matter for you all. After all, your livelihood may very well depend on it. But your frustration is misdirected.

Don’t blame Berkeley.

Blame the capitalist system for its structural need for profit, enhanced by the indebtedness which it has brought upon itself by believing in infinite growth on our finite planet. Blame the unwavering pursuit of productivity and growth, leading to fierce competition for the utmost productive workers, who are richly rewarded. Blame the system predicated on competition that must inevitably result in losers as there can be only a handful of workers who are ‘the most’ productive.

Instead, aspire to bring about a world in which your value is not solely determined by the productivity of your labor. A world in which our sole job is to better ourselves and the rest of humanity. A world in which society ensures that each one of us can pursue our full potential.

Sincerely yours, 
Econ student

(shoutout to everyone in Econ115!) To the girl at the VLSB lib. I really tried to look good while you were taking those Snaps of me. You tried to be low-key but cmon NOBODY holds their phone close to their ear( camera finger free) unless they're talking to someone. And if that wasn't enough to tell I'm sure the other hand trying to reach the little capture button gave you away.. Aaaanyway you look like you know where to find me. Cute. Except if you sent those to someone I'm seing rn. That kinda defeats the purpose so in that case the snap recipient is cute. not you. ok maybe I shouldn't have sent this I got my first dildo today.... wow 🤯 I fell in love with my best friend of many years and when I told her it ruined everything. Now we haven’t even talked in months and I’ve never felt more alone. I was always scared that I cared more about her than she cared about me, but now I know for certain. I was never enough. I know it can be pretty easy to compare yourself to people in college, so I’m assuming that there are happy single guys who want a relationship just because the rest of their friends are cuffed. So how do I know that a guy actually likes ME for my personality, vs they just think I’m pretty and want to date me so they can officially say they have a girl? Like if a guy is flirting with me, should I feel special? Or should I assume he flirts with a lot of girls and will pursue whoever reciprocates first? I don’t mean to say ONLY guys are this way because I know deep down we’re all the same, ultimatey everybody wants to feel up to par with everyone else, but being a straight girl I care more about how to read guys than how to read girls. If a guy likes me for my personality more than just my face, will it be obvious? I just don’t want to enter anything where we “have to make things work” from the get-go because we never actually loved each other and we just wanted to impress our friends. I’m sorry if I sound very suspicious and hesitant in this post, that’s definitely something I’m trying to change about myself and it will probably make the dating game much easier after I loosen up. Why the fuck do people smash the toilet paper holders and piss all over the floor at Moffitt 5th? Did you just sit there taking a shit and get suddenly mad and smash the holder open? Fuck you.

I haven't even been back to Moffitt in like a month, I just remembered this an hour ago and can't stop thinking about it. when Henry Kissinger dies I’m going to spend the entire day jacking off To the strangers who gave me a cute Valentine’s day card but ran off before I could thank you - Thank you, you really made my day :) I have an enormous confidence issue with regards to dating and asking girls out. People always say to "shoot your shot" because you'll regret not knowing or whatever. But, on Valentine's Day I asked my best friend to be my valentine. I wasn't even asking in a romantic way, and she knew that too. She lives in SoCal so it's not even like being each other's valentines would have entailed anything at all. She said no and explained why she wouldn't have said yes to anybody this year, and I believe her 100%. She's my best friend. She wouldn't lie to me.

I never blame anyone for any of my failures except myself. That attitude has helped me immensely in every other aspect of life, but in dating it only makes me hate myself. (That's not to say I'm starting to think I should blame others, please don't get me wrong.) I hate myself for asking my best friend to be my valentine and making her feel uncomfortable in that moment. I think I regret having done that more than I would have regretted not asking her at all. And since I remember everything forever, I'm going to remember this the next time I ponder whether I should "shoot my shot" again, and I'll most likely shy away. And I hate myself for that too. (WHOLESOME WEDNESDAY)

A. J hizzle is literally one of the funniest people I know and I hope she starts a youtube channel real soon to spread her talent to the rest of the world.

B. Medha Kothari is ridiculously attractive and intelligent. I just have no idea if she is with someone right now :(.

C. Vani Topkar is such an amazing person. I am soooo sad that she's graduating next semester, but I wish her the best after graduation, and hope that we stay in touch <3 also, how is she STILL single, I can't believe it (hint hint to my fellow guys...)

D. Austin Frenes is the sage philosopher whose wisdom we don't deserve!

E. Aaron Huang, if you ever read this, know that I love how friendly, sweet, and silly you are (not to mention that you are SUPER cute!), and I hope I have opportunities this semester to get to know you better!!

(at the same time, I hope you never guess who wrote this (although you probably won't since I'm not close to you at all; you've just been really friendly and nice whenever we interact and I really appreciate that!)) TLDR: Major in Media Studies

As someone who with a lot of friends at Cal, I always find it hilarious that the culture of this school looks down on humanities majors and glorifies STEM, especially engineering. I go to a liberal arts school in the northeast where the culture is the exact opposite. At schools like mine, the humanities are glorified and STEM majors are generally excluded from the social scene and largely shunned on campus. I was reading a confession (#1649) where a Media Studies major said he was embarrassed to tell people his major because he felt he would be looked down on, in the sense that people would think less of him because he would be ‘unemployable’. Ironically, at large, Northeastern liberal arts schools like mine, STEM majors (pre-professional ones, not those interested in academia) are looked down on exactly because they are employable, and will have to work for a living doing something they probably hate. Between confessions, overheard, my time spent in Berkeley, and of course your meme page, it does seem like the majority of engineers here really are miserable in their coursework and their life. It also seems that many come from upper middle class families and are on in state tuition, but feel some pressure to major in STEM regardless. Given the large Asian and South Asian presence at Cal, it’s likely that a large part of this comes from cultural and familial pressure, as well as a positive feedback loop of social pressures encouraging people to major in various types of engineering and fit in with the dominant culture.

I know about those pressures because I come from a family like this-my parents are Chinese immigrants who still follow Taoism and idealize Confucian values-and the combination of pressure to succeed and sense of shame should I fail is all too familiar to me. I grew up in a California suburb, and during the lead up to college admissions season, many current Berkeley students would laugh at me when I told them where I wanted to go or what I wanted to major in (answer-no idea), thinking that only perfect AP scores and a life planned out by age 17 would lead them to success. It always interests me that these same people now aspire to work for Google or Goldman Sachs, or whatever high-paying, brand name firm happens to be in the spotlight at that particular moment. Well guess what-those jobs suck. You work 80+ hour weeks doing menial tasks, and the chances of moving up the corporate ladder, especially in finance, are slim to none for people who aren’t already extremely well connected (i.e. people who have to use linkedin and attend career fairs to find jobs).

Of course, I realize this comes from a position of extreme privilege. A school like Cal will never offer the network or prestige that some schools on the East Coast will, and not everyone has the financial means to study something like art history or South Asian literature. The UC and Cal State systems help raise thousands of people out of poverty by giving them the skills necessary to have successful careers, and are consistently excellent at bringing financial stability to those who need it. Ironically, the school that is by far the best in this regard is UC Merced, an institution that the average Cal student seems happy to trash on a daily basis. Working for a living to one day support a family, or just to be happy, should absolutely be considered a virtue, but Berkeley culture has just become insane. To be honest, I despise the East Coast, boarding school snobbery that permeates my campus. Looking down on people who have to earn their way in the world, not just live off a trust fund and be given any job or position they desire solely because of their family is no better than looking down on someone because you think your major is more likely to land you a job at Google than theirs is. But Cal is a beautiful campus in a beautiful part of the world, and it really saddens me that the former center of counter-culture and liberalism has devolved to epitomize the corporate rat race. Go Bears! I truely, truely wish the confessions admins secretly knew who sent in the confessions, because then they could out all of the absolutely horrid people at once someday who use anonymity to be a pos. Sure, it would destroy this page because no one would want to submit anymore, but it’d be completely worth it to ruin some of these people’s lives. If they’re gonna act like garbage, then they should be treated as garbage and embarrassed into hiding.

This was written specifically as a reaction to the guy who plans to vote for trump again, but it’s definitey targeted at many of the posts in the last few months where people have just been awful human beings. i matched with an older guy on tinder in 2017, we dated for a few months, and in that time I found out he’s an eecs professor. also I fingered his butthole I love my girlfriend. I really do. She's the only person I've been with who I can say with certainty that I love. In fact, she's one of the best things that has happened to me in the past year. There's one thing though. When I'm talking to her, it's like I'm stepping on eggshells. We both care for each other so much to the point that we don't really say what's on our minds. I try my best to make her happy and I'm willing to place her needs above mine, but I feel like as if she's been getting more short tempted and passive aggressive with me recently. I'm constantly afraid that something I do or say will upset her and it scares me because of a past relationship.

My ex would often get mad at me for the smallest things, regardless if it's my fault or not. It scares me that this might be going down the same road. The same ex would also be really passive aggressive at times and I wouldn't know how to handle it. With my current girlfriend, even thinking about it makes me sad. I want this to work out. I really do. So much to the point where I'd rather sacrifice my own happiness to please her than have her be upset at me. Maybe it's just my own insecurities from my past that I have to work on. Our relationship started out in a weird way, so sometimes I doubt myself and wonder if she regrets saying yes.

I really don't want this to be the way, but babe if you're reading this, please don't get mad at me. I just don't know how to bring it up. I love you and I want to work through this. I am off this semester because of a family emergency, but things are looking up. My mother is healing, and my friends have kept in contact despite how busy physics apparently is (engineering really be killing us). I can’t wait to see them next semester and begin making more memories. Love you guys :) to whoever was playing "always with me" from spirited away on the carillon bells: thank you for your beautiful performance! i happened to be walking up campanile way right as the song started, and the full view of the tower lit up against the night sky playing music from my childhood was really striking and surreal. i didn't want it to end. i hope you'll play some more ghibli songs on there someday - there are definitely people listening :) Every time I try to smoke pot on campus, campus safety or UCPD spontaneously appear from around a corner.
I'd think they have like cameras around and are watching ready to pounce except that on numerous occasions I've found groups of people to be passing a joint around anywhere from in front of Dwinelle to Memorial Glade or even by VLSB.
Is there some secret I am missing? I just want to get high in peace. I am a high school senior and I got accepted into cal early with honors. I absolutely hate this school but going here makes the most sense (since i am interested in cs+business, cheap public school, close to home, in state tuition). I hate myself for thinking this but one of the main reasons I want to go here is because of Berkeley goggles. I live in the Bay area, and I am the "type" here—pretty, small asian girl. This is kinda embarrassing to say but I am known for being extremely gorgeous, smart, and sociable. Again, I hate to say this but i really don't want to give that up....... I got into UPENN Wharton and MIT early and those are great schools and all but.... I won't be considered stereotypically "pretty" there. I know how stupid of a reason it is but i can't help myself for thinking about it. I wish I hadn't been so trusting with my ex-girlfriend; we broke up after her friend told me that she had hooked up with and some guy at a frat party earlier this semester.

Looking back, I can see where things went wrong with us. I'm not in Greek life, but she was in a sorority, and she'd never tell me that she was going out to parties unless her friends would mention it. She could tell I hated greek life, and that I didn't like when she'd go out with her single friends, but at the same time I felt that it would be controlling of me to express that. Overtime though, she started to make me more uncomfortable with her nights out with her friends - she'd go to houses that she had past tinder encounters or hookups at. She even acknowledged once that she though frat parties were just for hookups. I didn't communicate how I felt about this.

She and her friends went out at the start of the semester and my ex found some guy at one party and grinded on him and went to a bedroom with him. I'm a confident guy that's never had a relationship end so awful before, I just can't believe she'd do that to me. Word advice to people in relationships especially with a dynamic similar to this: communicate. I love my boyfriend and we have an incredible relationship. He's one of my best friends and I am insanely grateful to have him in my life. He's there for me 100% of the time and goes above and beyond in terms of caring. One thing which bothers me, although it shouldn't, is that we charge each other for everything on venmo. All my other friends' boyfriends pay for their dates etc or alternate. We just charge each other for everything. He's financially stable so that isn't the issue either. I would also like to treat him out sometimes. My ex would try and spoil me, and I'd decline, but now I miss that. (not my ex, but the feeling of someone caring enough to spoil you). On the other hand, I am very aware that this sounds petty/shallow, and I hate that too. So last night I asked this guy to go down on me, and he was like girls have never asked him to ever go down on them. LIKE REALLY? Girls, it is 2019!! This whole non-reciprocal sex SHIT is CANCELLED!! If you want me to EAT DICK, I NEED TO GET LICKED!! PERIOD! Why do girls that aren't tall want a tall guy so bad? I find it kinda off-putting when a girl judges a guy for their height when they themselves wouldn't even be able to reach a shower head. They just look like children to me, especially if I wouldn't even see the top of their head when walking down Sproul. I get it for tall girls if they don't want to feel like they're dating a child, if they want a guy taller than them. But seriously, it's kind of disgusting when regular or short girls judge guys by their height when they're still shorter than the "short guy". I'm saying this as 6'3" dude at Cal, who's fed up with girls trying to climb me. Find someone your own size. Hi, I wonder if anyone has the same problem but I'm a gay guy with little interest in sex. I've turned several people off by this so I'm really afraid to get into a relationship or afraid that I won't be able to find a relationship like ever. Some guys have told me it's ok when we started hanging out but things could only go so far before they said that it wouldn't work because they're horny and I'm usually not. I don't watch porn that often, like once or twice a week and I still get turned on once in a while. I also have toys that I play with myself. However, when I'm with another guy, all I seem to crave is the intimacy. I like the physical warmth and intimacy when we cuddle, or when we eat out together and talk about our days, etc. I'm now scared whenever I cuddle because all I really feel is a state of relaxation and peacefulness but it almost always leads to the other guy feeling horny. Basically I like everything a relationship has to offer besides the fact that my sex drive is just reeaaallyyyy low and I wonder if there's something wrong with me because if I have a partner, I want to make them happy and satisfy them. to the two people who asked if i was okay and tried to be encouraging when i was crying on the 51b (saturday feb 16): thanks again. i can't say that my day had a dramatic turn of events for the better or anything like that, but it was nice to have a few people who took notice and tried to do something. thank you for being kind, i hope good things come your way. CW: Rape

I had a thing with a girl in my unit last semester where I’d come home too drunk to walk in a straight line, and she’d swing by and fuck me.
Suddenly she stopped taking advantage of me and I guess recently I kinda missed it... so I gave her a booty call.
She ignored me and I only just found out she somehow acquired a boyfriend.
Eh, good for him to be honest. 
(Thank you for saving me, I bet that nymphomaniac has your dick raw) As an international student I am struggling. I hate this stereotype that all international students a rich, it is so not true. I am paying a lot of go here because I know it will help my future and at home my family is way below the poverty line. Sometimes getting access to food and programming is hard for me on campus, and the International Student Fee although a burden on me to pay actual did a lot to help me and other international students. Apparently, Senator James Li and Senator Andy Theocharous voted to get ride of the international student fee, and while I see why, they ended up only hurting our community more than helping us in doing that. BIO has helped me so much with maintaining my visa, getting connected with food resources, and creating more spaces and opportunities for students like us at I-House and on campus. It is sad that the people I voted for and supported did think through the reprecussions this could have on our own community. These ASUC have more power than we think they do and while I am all for supporting international candidates, THERE ARE NOT ENOUGH OF US, I want to support those who are actually thinking through plans to help us, not destroy us. Sometimes it feels like the only way to avoid assault is by having a good boyfriend.

I’ve been single since I came to Cal (well, sorta. My longest Cal relationship was 6 months, so effectively single) and I’ve seen a lot. I was assaulted by my 61a project partner and solicited by enough homework group members freshman year that I did all my work (except my 61b projects, god bless my lovely best friend and female project partner; and 16b and 61c labs/projects due to my lovely and brilliant and, coincidentally, gay male lab/project partners for those classes) alone. That includes all homeworks in 16a/16b, as well as almost all 61a projects and hws. This was extremely isolating. My only real friend in my major was the aforementioned female project partner, and I didn’t want to keep trying to make friends and be included in hw groups if it meant having to rebuff sexual advances while concurrently being belittled and not taken seriously. I found good people later sophomore year, but only after a really long and lonely slog through the eecs lower divs. All the while, I’ve seen numerous friends or other girls get drugged at parties or otherwise get taken advantage of by highly manipulative partners or online, get assaulted or harassed on Bart or on the street, and even found several girls i didn’t know in extremely compromising positions (exposed and unconscious) and had to figure out who to call to get all of them home and safe and comfortable. Why the FUCK don’t guys have to deal with this? Or, actually, i take that back. I don’t want anyone to have to do this, so why have I had to do so much of it??? I’ve lost so many hours of sleep due to getting people out of these bad situations, and don’t get me wrong, I’d do it again in a fucking heartbeat, but this isn’t fucking parity. The only people I know who haven’t had to deal with this to this extent are girls with bfs they’ve had since pretty much the start of college who don’t ever go out among strangers alone. How fucked up is that, that even here in the US you need a male chaperone to be safe?

But yeah, i repeat, THERE IS NO PARITY. Please y’all, try to understand that the reason the common understanding that “girls mature faster” exists is because of shit like this, and have a little extra empathy for the shit the women you know may have seen or experienced and aren’t telling you about.

P.S.: this is only vaguely related, but i thought it was important too—It’s also surprisingly hard to be the only female person among your coworkers—i thought this was dumb and a myth until it wasn’t true anymore for me, but the unconscious burden of representation is non-negligible. I joined a new research lab a few weeks ago. I show up to the first lab meeting, and I realize: I'm in lab with my ex-girlfriend's new bf, my new gf's ex-boyfriend, my best friend's ex's new boyfriend, and my friend's TA crush. I hate living with my roommate so much. She is literally always there and never leaves unless she has class. I never get any alone time to just recharge because she is always. fucking. here. And listen, I know it can be very hard at Berkeley to make friends and whatnot, but from what I can tell, the only person she ever really talks to is her crusty long-distance boyfriend. Otherwise the only people she ever interacts with is study groups. Every time I walk into the room after a long day of classes/extracurriculars/work she is always sitting there FaceTiming her boyfriend complaining about her life. Again, I get it: Berkeley is really fucking hard and sometimes you need to get stuff off your chest. But with her, it's just constant, incessant, never-ending complaining about this and that and the other thing. She does this every single night. There have also been times she's FaceTimed her boyfriend 3 or 4 times in one afternoon... Just, why???

I understand that college is a lot and it's super important to talk to supportive people in your life. And I really do not mean to be negative or hateful, but it's starting to get old because I've been feeling unwelcome in my own room since fall semester.

In case you're wondering, no, I didn't choose this roommate because my housing situation fell through at the last minute at the beginning of this year. We're not friends. Also it's always up to ME to go to a cafe, or a library, or a friends house, or ANYWHERE that isn't my room because she's just always sitting there alone and talking loudly to her boyfriend. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind finding cool study spots and hanging out with people I like. It's just frustrating because I'm the kind of person who does need some quiet, alone time to recharge every once in a while, and so far I have not gotten ONE CHANCE to do that this semester because my roommate is constantly in this fucking room.

I'm not trying to blame my roommate for struggling or having a hard time. That being said, I do think there is a point where you need to respect people's space. Sometimes I will walk in at 10:30pm after a work shift and she is having some debate with her boyfriend over FaceTime, practically yelling, while I am trying to get started on an assignment and enjoy some peace & quiet in my OWN ROOM.

So please, be mindful of the space you are taking up in the room. Stop spending every waking minute that you are not in class in here. Berkeley has like 35+ libraries so you can find somewhere else to go.

I'm so glad I won't be rooming with you next year. I don’t know why I’m here, why I’m at this school. I don’t have any friends I made on my own. I don’t do well in classes. Heck, I don’t even fucking try in my classes. I’m just going through the movements of school. of life. I’m wasting my parents hard-earned money. I’m wasting space in this school by not doing well. someone else could’ve gotten in instead of me. someone with aspirations and work ethic. bet this hellhole wants me out now and regrets ever accepting me. I would say I want to go home... but I don’t. I love my parents and my brother but it’s so stifling there. I have to be someone I’m not. I breathe a sigh of relief when I get back on campus but that relief is short lived as the wave of coursework makes me cry and tear my hair out.

I guess I’m just a little entitled whiny bitch anyway

bye I wish that I had never started cheating. I cheated my way through high school calculus and community college math, and now I'm cheating my way through math at UC Berkeley. I don't know what pushed me to be a math major. Everyone thinks I'm so smart, but I just cheat my way through everything. I have a basic understanding of calculus, but no understanding of discrete math or linear algebra since I cheated my way through those, and can't write a proof for shit even though I cheated my way through MATH 104. I've reached the point where it's actually harder for me to cheat than it would be for me to do the work, but since math builds upon itself, I'm unable to understand anything at this level. I can't even make any other friends that are also math majors, because they all know what they're talking about. I only have a couple classes left until I graduate, so it's too late to back out now. I guess this is just a PSA to not cheat unless you want to feel like an inadequate failure in comparison to your peers. CW: Sexual Assault

I was sexually assaulted by my much older cousin when I was really little. No one in my family knows and my Tia often posts photos of him on facebook. Everytime I see his face, terror washes over me. I would love nothing more than to delete my Tia off of my social media, but my father would eventually find out and that would lead to even more trouble for me. I want to tell my boyfriend so badly, why there are times I am so cautious of his love, but I just blame it on my fears that came from my past relationship. I want to tell my mother, but I dont want to give her more reason to hate my dad's side of the family. I want to tell my family, but I dont want to give them an excuse to further outcast my siblings and me. I dont want to be a victim anymore and I dont want the people in my life to see me as one, or think I am faking being one, because this cousin is so loved. I dont know what to do anymore. Thanks for degrading me. By saying how toxic I am for wanting to hangout with you. That your friends think I’m psychotic for liking you for nearly 3 years. That every time you see me, your day gets ruined. For accidentally texting me, “sorry cant hangout I have this awful one-sided hangout with this weird girl” – which is me. Why do you make it sound like I’m some type of fiend? You don’t understand how devastating and shocking it is to hear that from someone you truly love. I’m not that great of a person, but I’ve done above and beyond for you. I woke up at 6am and traveled an hour away to drop my brother off at work, just so I can use the car and visit you at work for 5min. But you said not to, because you’d get embarrassed. I shopped by myself hoping I’d “accidentally” bump into you. I’ve wailed on the second day of class in front of an auditorium full of strangers, because you texted me, “I want to be friends but I can’t rn” sorry but I cannot exist in 2 different places. You ran away in the schools parking lot because you saw me. You feel humiliated whenever your friends see me. Strange right? You said you loved me, that I’m beautiful, that you cared. I’m not mad at you for not giving a shit, I’m disgusted with myself for thinking you did. You hurt me. I’ve never cried over someone as much as I have with you, nor have I cared about someone as much as I do with you. Sorry that I’m not good enough for you, I hope I will be some time. If I can’t be your lover, I’ll be your greatest loss instead; although I love you and I honestly will continue to love you. I hope that one day when you’re sane, we can become lovers and have beautiful babies together. Hot take: International students from places like China should only be allowed to study here if they plan on immigrating here. I'm tired of all the Chinese students that come here and only socialize with other Chinese students, cheat off each other, and talk shit about the US. If you hate it so much here, don't use up resources which could have gone to more deserving domestic students. my roommate's boyfriend smells so. bad. and i didn't even know it until tonight. i really didn't care when she asked if he could stay over, but when he walked into our room i was hit by the stench. now i'm lying in bed, smelling the scent diffuse across the room. i cracked open the window when they went to change. but it may have made the situation worse by increasing airflow. either way, this is disgusting. I once got 2 SD above the mean on a CS midterm and I'm still coasting on the ego boost I got from it a year and a half later. If you thought your day was bad, at least you didn't walk into office hours and start crying in front of your professor because of how stressed you were! GO BEARS!!!!! I just got off a call with my grandparents, in the middle of which I just stopped responding. They were talking about their health issues so nonchalantly, but I couldn't keep it together anymore and started to cry. I love my grandparents a lot--or I know they love me a lot, and I feel responsible for reciprocating that love, which I think I do? They were the ones who took care of me when I was little, but it's just been getting harder and harder to communicate with them--be it the generation gap, language barrier, or my inability to express what I feel. I'm scared to think that this communication has become a chore to me. Every week it's the same thing. I feel guilty, I feel like I'm letting down the people who care for me, and these feelings turn into thoughts that just spiral downward. I want to be perfect. The perfect grandchild, the perfect child, the perfect sibling, friend, student, person, but I know that's impossible. And unrealistic. But sometimes I wish that I can. Usually, I avoid my problems and don't think about it. Watch an episode of something or go on YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, whatever just to distract myself. The worst part is when I catch myself doing something like that and ask "Why are you like this?" CW: Death of a student

I thought I saw you on campus today walking up the steps of MLK. But it hit me a second later that you are not actually here on this earth anymore. When you passed in October, I struggled to comprehend what was happening simply because I always thought I would be able to reach out to you and tell you how much I liked you the next time that I saw you.

Of course, that phrase "next time" is still haunting me to this very day.

I delayed every second to say "hi, let's grab dinner or a coffee" and I delayed every second to reach out to you and tell you how much I admired you. Always working, always at the gym, always grinding - I was intimidated by the schedule that you functioned on and used it as an excuse to say that I'll just have to wait until a slot would open up for me to swoop in and build precious memories on.

Fuck, I wish I wasn't such a coward.

Instead, I wasted my time messing around with someone that looked just like you and gave off a similar vibe. But no matter how many times I interacted with this person, it just wasn't you. It's my fault for even trying to replace you with someone else. I should've known that no one would be able to replace the person that is so uniquely you. Your charisma, your unexpectedly adorable smile, your sentimental thoughts, and your desire to succeed to honor your mother - thinking about you still brings tears to my eyes. I miss seeing you here.

I regret not ever telling you that I like you. And that I think I could've loved you with the rest of my heart and for a very long time, David Lim.

But what I grieve about most is that you're not alive. I hate that you're not alive. So I have the hugest crush on my ace friend and nothing makes me happier than the idea of watching crappy sitcoms while eating pizza or cuddling in a toasty blanket with them on a rainy day while reading books and drinking hot cocoa.
I know that being aromantic and asexual are distinct, and maybe they'd be down for beer and boardgames in our jammies but I worry that as I am not ace myself, I don't know what I would do about the fact that in top of being a hopeless romantic I'm still a horny twenty-something and this is the prime time I have for participating in the good ol' hookup. I struggle a lot as a young, single GSI teaching upper division undergraduate classes when it comes to having crushes! Our first and foremost job is to be as helpful to students as possible, but the reality is that a majority of our "free time" is spent with undergraduates (when we teach sections). There's a few cases in my department where grad students have dated undergraduates, and there's not a strong departmental norm against it...but I'd also hate to ask an ex-student out for coffee in fear of it undermining the trust that students may develop for GSIs or instructors. I guess I'm just sort of stuck in between 21-22 year old upper div students and people in my program who are all at least 30 and dating people already. Anyone have any advice for this? I'm aware of the fact that there is a very fine line between being friendly and being overly intrusive/creepy.

To end on a wholesome note, we generally love to teach for all you undergraduates! You're all hardworking and intelligent-- you wouldn't be here at Berkeley otherwise. Thanks for making teaching such an enjoyable job. It makes me so sad when people are rude to professors/GSIs. I understand if an individual educator is callous/racist/sadistic and you respond accordingly, but talking over people, obviously watching Youtube during discussion, making fun of a GSI's accent, etc. does not make you 'cool', it just looks like you have no class and no respect for those who are simply trying to help you. Shout-out to Prof Terry Buehler, btw, I'm really enjoying/understanding the lectures and I didn't even take physics in high school. I spent some 8-ish hours on this week’s 61A homework, and I’m exhilirated when I finally finished it. Many people breezed thru this one, so once again I know I’m stupid - but who cares, I finished the homework on time, and I can’t be happier about it. Being stupid in this school is tough, but even stupid people like me should have the right to feel happy(at least occasionally). But honestly though... The hardest part about being stupid is trying to hide it. The fear that my friends will stop hanging out with me once they find out I’m stupid haunts me every day. Sometimes I really wish I could be like the smart kids and stop feeling like subhuman around them. Anyway, subhumans are human-like and at least partially valuable. I guess being partially valuable is better than being Nothing At All. With some many international asian girls wearing designer brands such as off-white, GGDB, Gucci, or Supreme it makes me so hot whenever I see a caucasian girl wearing such brands. Makes my pussy wet af when I see a little white girl rocking Gucci Aces and off-white Ts. Makes me want to scissor with them on the spot. There's this girl I know who is into me. She really is. She's the second person I've ever met who I can say with certainty that wants me. In fact, she's one of the best things that has happened to me in my entire life. There's one thing though. Every time I talk with her, I'm basically navigating a minefield. I'm deathly afraid of creeping her out so much to the point that I always have trouble saying anything detailed about how I feel. I try my best to make her feel comfortable and I'm willing to get rejected or ghosted for this, but I feel like she could be the sort of person to mark me as a toxic piece of shit just because I mentioned my interest first. I'm constantly afraid that something I do or say will make her feel violated and it scares me because of all of my past experiences with shooting my shot, so to speak.

Other girls I've express interest in before would regularly blame and report me for completely irrelevant things, regardless if they actually happened or not. These same girls would also convince others around them to interpret everything I say and do as sexual harassment and I wouldn't know how to handle it. I'm scared I might end up in a similar situation with this girl, even if for more justified reasons. To be honest though, thinking about just makes me more sad than anything. I trust that she is a decent enough person to not spin stories about me. I really do. So much to the point where I'll simply shut up and take the consequences however she reacts no matter what. Maybe it's just my own insecurities from my past that I have to work on. We first met and became friends in a weird way, so sometimes I doubt myself and wonder if she'd see me as a nuisance if not for my looks.

I really don't know how to say this in a better way, but if you're the girl I first mentioned here, please don't report me just for submitting this confession. I just don't know how to bring it up. I want to both of us to work through this, but if this confession sends me to Sproul Hall I will suck it up and deal with it myself. My girlfriend has terrible taste in music. She sometimes make me listen to it and I just say stuff like "yeah it is great." Half of the singers can't even sing. However, every time she overhears my music, she shits on it saying I have no taste in music. I wasn't even trying to show you my playlist... you just walked in or see my playlist on my phone and then say shit about it. I don't say anything about your playlist despite how terrible it is. I'm not trying to compete with you on who has better taste here. I just want to mind my own business and listen to my own music while working. I’ve been stalking my CS70 TA like crazy. I’m sorry I just can’t stop and I don’t know what to do. After discussion section, I wait around and follow her to wherever she goes. I know where she lives, who some of her friends are, who her boyfriend is. I go to her OH without any questions, I just want to listen to her talk and explain and be super cute. She’s literally just so sweet and attractive I die in section every time. She’s major heart eyes and I can’t get enough of her, like I can’t believe someone can be so cute and smart at the same time. I stalk her on Facebook but she recently either blocked me or deleted it and I’m so sad because I can’t look at her pictures anymore :( I didn’t save any pictures so idk what to do. so I just took a good look at sahai for the first time today and holy shit I think might be gay for him, he’s actually so hot and I literally can’t pay attention during ee lecture because I’m just fantasizing about him cuddling under the sheets with me while whispering sweet promises in his smooth sexy voice holy shit I might actually be gay wtf I was having a rough night tonight. Not even because of anything bad happening to me, I just felt down for no good reason. Regular loneliness I guess. I'm not really friends with my new roommate so I feel trapped when I go home. It's like I'm alone without the freedom of being alone.

Anyway, I missed my bus because I had to grab food, so I was just standing there at the stop, quietly singing to some music. I sit down on the 51B and across from me is some cute girl listening to something on her headphones. She really smiled at something she heard, and I don't know, it just really made me feel better somehow. I'll probably never see her again, but if she recognizes this post (it was like 9:30ish on a Thursday), I hope she knows she made my night. I feel like I'm a pretty cheerful person and most of my friends probably don't know or realize the extent of the depression I've felt in my life but at nights like this its so fucking hard to keep going. I really fantasize a lot about returning to self harm but I don't want to have to explain to people what the marks are and it wouldn't be fair to the people wh ocare about me even if it would help in the moment. I just feel like I'm never fucking good enough. I really try hard to do everything I can while being happy but its so overwhelming. I just can't keep up with everything and I feel like I'm not good enough. There's too much stressful shit going on in my life and it makes me wonder if its even worth it at this point. i dont want to die but its so hard to live when i know that i'll never tell myself im good enough and i dont know how to fix it. i feel so pathetic that im using a public confession instead of actually getitng help but i feel like maybe letting people know whats going on anonymously is at least a little better than barely telling anyone at all. it feels so shitty because the only person i go to at times like this is my girlfriend and its not fair because shes houldnt have to deal with my random depressive episodes no one should. i just feel like im wasting her and everyone elses time. i dont know what to do i just want to feel like what im doing matters and like im good enough and like i can do the right things and like im unique and special because ive spent so long telling myself that i can do all these thing sand that im special and lately it just does not feel like that is the case. i dont know what im even saying anymore. sorry that you had to read this. ill try not to hurt myself
im sorry I just want to say that the grading rubric for the first Chem 4A midterm is hella fucked up. I got pretty much all my computations correct and included units in the beginning and final steps, but the rubric chooses to fuck you over just because you didn't rewrite the units you already wrote in every single intermediate step. This is one of the reasons why people hate the College of Chemistry. They try to dock you over really petty shit like units, when they should really be focused on rewarding you for understanding the concepts which are shown in how you carry out your computations. The worst part? The professors and GSIs know the rubric is unfair, so they warn you by threatening you with taking off two points for every request that disputes the rubric.... Like... okay? Then what's the point of a regrade request even then? Someone please tell me! I know that politics affects everyday life and that people are trying to stand up for what they think is right. However, our school is always so stigmatized by the media for political things instead of its educational value-- the name doesn't make you think "wow much intellectual," instead it's "monkas politics!!!" Often involving people who aren't UC Berkeley students. The majority of us, I think, are just nerdy memelords. Recently, I don't feel as proud saying I go to UC Berkeley because all people will ask me about is about violence/politics instead of our rigorous academics. I just wish people would stop generalizing everyone in our entire school with politics, even though our university is a hotspot. This comes from a place of privilege, I admit, I just... don't want my job applications outside CA to be looked at with a snide impression. Truthfully, incredulously, irrevocably honestly need some noncommittal dick in moffitt right now. I need it to go through the first hole and reach the second. Midterms got me in the mood CS people need to stop calling themselves engineers. First of all, you don't have have a firm grasp of fundamental engineering concepts (For example, thermo). Second of all, all you do is type words into a debugger and hope it runs, then add a cool buzzword to back your work like "MACHINE LEARNING" OR "DEEP LEARNING". Please, check yourself, and remind yourself that you have a very limited view of the world compared to real engineers. Real engineers have a vast understanding of the laws that govern the universe and the properties objects within it take due to those laws. Realize that compared to a ChemE, MechE, or even CivE, you know nothing about the intrinsic properties of the technology that gave you the ability to write that piece of code in the first place. I have been blessed with the best roommates for my two years here at Cal as a transfer student. I'm staying for longer, but they're graduating this semester, and I'm in alternations of distancing myself and loving them so much. They are literally the sweetest people -- I consider one to be my sister (love her, annoy her, and steal her amazon purchase ideas) and the other to be the first woman I had serious romantic feelings for (the first one to make me realize I was Bi and accept that about myself). The second one, we flirted a bit but we ended up finding other S/O's and being happy for each other nonetheless -- we never addressed what went on between us (and maybe it was even one-sided, but it's too late and inappropriate to bring it up now)

I'll be sad when they leave, but I'll always treasure the memories we had together and make the most of the semester that I have with them. I always hope we can stay in contact. They're my best friends and will always, even when I'm 30+, have a special place in my mind and heart.

I hope we can drink wine and watch hentai again sometime
--K I'm fed up with our campus being the battlegrounds for dumbasses on both sides of the political spectrum. The recent incident on Sproul was between two people unaffiliated with Berkeley and yet Berkeley gets dragged through the mud for it. I know Berkeley is a public school, but the freedom that random members of the public have to our campus is honestly ridiculous. If someone set up a table on the sidewalk in front of a local store, the store could get them moved away, and yet Berkeley can't because "free speech" and "public campus". Great, so the chipotle on telegraph has more rights to shoo away random people preaching their own interests than our damn university has?

Sure, freedom of speech and expression is great, but I'd like if the people harassing me as I walk through Sproul are at least fellow students, not any fucking random weirdo from across the country who manages to find their way to Berkeley. Does anyone else feel like a super bad-ass when walking across the street from Unit 3 into Sather Lane? I usually strut across while staring down the approaching cars DARING them to try and hit me. Nothing is stopping them from plowing right into me, but I still take pleasure in knowing that only a crazy person would do that, and that I'm about to get some yummy yummy Yogurt Park while they AREN'T. Have fun driving up your one way street, metal butts! I'm a pretty average-looking girl, but deep down inside I just want dick every day. I'm not pretty enough to get hit on by guys and I don't know how to just ask a guy if he's dtf. I have a phat ass, tight pussy, and I suck dick like a demon, but those aren't things you can just publicise. tl;dr I just want to magically get dick whenever I want dick. To the guy who decided it would be absolutely great to start fappin' in East Asian today, your definition of a great idea needs some work. I was studying so goddamn peacefully when you decided to fucking sit next to me and start beating your meat. Dude, you're in a public space does that shit turn you on?? And of all the places in library!!! To me, a lot of white peoples' sweat smelled like grilled onions and It always makes me crave In-N-Out. It's like getting a confused hard-on (pheromones gmfu man).
Disclaimer: I don't actually get boners from sweat I just finished watching Elon musk on meme review and goddamn I find him attractive, a hottie with a body, has money, is helping electrification of cars, and is a man of culture? i'm such a slut for daddy Elon 💦💦💦💦 Honestly as a woman I feel like we’re better than men in every way lol. Like we are the masters of sex, masters of teaching, reason, empathy, intelligence, beauty etc ya know? Like men need to step aside and let women run the world and honestly to anyone who disagrees thank you next bitch :) I work at the RSF and wow, this ethnically ambiguous guy comes to the gym regularly, not just at the beginning of the semesters like most and I think that's so hot. The way he moans loudly, without care for what people think, when he works out makes me so wet. He's not only fit and good looking, but he's so personable the way he takes time out of his day to talk to random strangers at the gym or help people out during their workout routine. He makes me more wet than the amount of sweat he accumulates when he runs on the treadmill. I think his name is Mike but I'm not too sure. Mike, if you see this, please hit me up. My shift is almost always during the time you come in for your workouts I love peeing in University library urinals. Every time I do, there's some dark, filthy yellow/orange pee already there and my pee is so clear it feels so satisfying to purify the urine sample. Sometimes I turn the darkest, smelliest, almost brown pee into a bright yellow like olive oil colored. It makes me feel healthy and superior but lowkey concerned for all the students who don't drink enough water, like come on folks it's right outside the bathroom I have a crush on a girl in my study group. Last week, she mentioned that the first thing she looks for in a guy is “good eyebrows.” and I’ve never really felt the urge to get my eyebrows shaped, but I honestly wonder if she would notice me more if I did. any one here have recommendations near Berkeley for good places for me to fix men’s eyebrows? I don’t want to accidentally end up with ABG looking fake eyebrows tho. does it hurt that much? OK, I'm gonna apologize in advance if anyone is offended by what I'm about to say (although I honestly haven't met a single person IRL who disagrees with what I'm saying).

But can I just rant about how absolutely, mind-bogglingly HORRIBLE this class is? It was supposed to be a survey course for UD EE classes like circuits and signals, giving us a small taste of them, and sparking our intellectual curiosity about studying them. In reality, it has done the absolute opposite. I ABSOLUTELY LOATHE this class and all the material it teaches. It has made me firmly pledge to never again touch a single EE topic in my life.

Now, to the specifics:

Firstly, the structure of this class is an absolute shitshow. There is no official textbook, no official notes, nothing to refer to other than the lecture videos. And don't get me started on these shitty quality lectures. Why the HELL can't they just use an iPad or something with a note taking app? They tried it a while ago for 2 lectures and they were SOOOOO good. But no, they had to go back to those pen and paper projections where we can't see half the shit because of the glaring light (like I honestly couldn't make out words during the Tuesday lecture) and the other half is illegible due to the professor's writing.

And then there are the HWs. Oh. My. God. This class assumes that you have nothing in your life to do other than just solve these long-ass HWs all-day, every-day. It's insane how big of a time commitment this 4-unit class ends up being. Long-ass labs, 2 discussions, 3 hours of lectures, and then the HWs that take soooo long to grind through. And at the end of the day, they're nothing but a trial in frustration. The increase in difficulty between the lecture and the HWs is so steep, it's insane. They don't teach us half the shit they are testing us for, and we're just supposed to somehow know it? Hell, people don't understand how to do the HW even when they release the solutions sometimes. And why can't you possibly include some more mechanical questions, rather than filling it entirely with these word-problems? Having us try out some increasing-difficulty questions relevant to the course material would go so far in instilling the concepts in our brains.

And lastly, the weird-ass policies this course has. Like honestly, password-protecting the HW solutions and making us open them by typing CheatingIsBad? Seriously? WTF? How is that even supposed to help? Now they're telling us that webcasts might get stopped? Like I know so many people who gain IMMENSE benefits from these webcasts, but why should they bother, right? Oh and they want us to post the fucking notes that we take as HW as well. It's as if they have this very narrow view of what constitutes studying/learning and they want us to learn EXACTLY how they want us to, and any other way can just go fuck itself. A round peg won't fit into a square hole, no matter how hard you fucking try.

Anyways, for anyone who actually listened to all this, thank you so much. It feels so good to finally get all this bullshit out of my chest. I know a lot of people don't like Nicholas Weaver (CS prof), but when he was making a joke in one of the first lectures that 2^10 = 1000 instead of 1024, which is what 2^10 actually equals, he said "we can say that here. Us computer scientists are fast and loose with our numbers." The way he said "fast and loose with our numbers" really turned me on for some reason and I haven't stopped thinking about it since. The dumbest thing is how much money it costs to stay alive. I'm such a burden to my family and I'm not even doing well at Berkeley. Fuck life. i wish i was going through puberty or menopause so i could have an explanation for my erratic ass emotions and either finally grow some boobs at the end of this hell ride or have my periods be permanently cancelled I'm only supporting Bernie Sanders so that Larry David can play him on SNL for at least 4 years. If you're having a shitty time at Berkeley (i.e. 80% of the people posting here) SERIOUSLY consider studying abroad (I'm talking to you CS/EECS/Math/etc... majors!)

I am currently abroad and it's been 1 month but I am having an amazing college experience, making friends, learning a lot, saving money, and I'M NOT STRESSED OUT.

Everyone thinks study abroad is just a big party and you don't learn anything but that's not true!!! The material is the same back home (taking upper div CS classes here) but it isn't as cutthroat - if anything I'm learning more because I'm not stressed out 24/7 and profs and peers are so much more approachable.

I also had such an easy time getting scholarships because STEM abroad isn't very popular and I'm literally paying less than 1/10 of the tuition I pay back home.

I actually thought I was socially awkward and a failure at Cal because I couldn't make long-term friendships and didn't thrive in hyper-competitive environments but studying abroad has gave me SO MUCH PERSPECTIVE. You don't have to be stressed out constantly to feel like you're getting a good education - in fact that shouldn't be normal. Study abroad is 1000% one of the best things I've done at Cal. I don’t know why I’m here, why I’m at this school. It's a miracle that I have any friends considering how many people detest me here. I had to deal with hundreds of harassment accusations every semester, day in and day out. Heck, I just want to fucking pass my classes and run far away once I have my degree. I can't even go through the movements of school or life without being bombarded and ambushed by those who deny my humanity.

I’m wasting my parents hard-earned money. I’m wasting space in this school by creeping out everyone just through my existence. Someone else could’ve gotten in instead of me. Someone with passable social skills and over 9,000 times as shy as I am. Bet this hellhole wants me thrown in prison now and regrets ever receiving my application.

I would say I want to go home... but I don’t. My parents and my brother love me but everyone who went to high schools in my city decided to hate me too. I have no place where I can be safe from their sadistic plots. I breathe a sigh of relief when I get back on campus, but that relief is short lived as go outside and see all the people who could instantly ruin the rest of my life, at any time they choose. Seeing them makes me cry and tear my hair out.

I guess I’m just a little entitled whiny niceguy (TM) anyway

bye I submitted a confession about a week and a half ago that got posted about a toxic relationship with my boyfriend. We then broke up and got back together and seeing the comments from that post makes me feel just weird. Things have been better since we got back together like a lot better and he's put in a lot more effort and I have noticed a real change. I can honestly say i'm content with where we are. But the thing is that when we got back together (the breakup was 2 days lol) we didn't rush and go back into the swing of things. I'm trying to take it slow because even he admitted that he got too comfortable with me and didn't appreciate how much i cared for him. I'm scared that its going to go back to that soon, and I am really happy with the change i've seen in him. we do dates now, not just me going over to his place and doing nothing. I can tell he's trying but i'm scared that maybe that won't be enough. Sometimes I don't know how to feel and yes I am happy we got back together and I think it was hard for me because I had so many people telling me to not get back with him and only one friend told me to do what my heart tells me, because i'm the one in the relationship and not anyone else. I think that little piece of advice has helped me a lot in a ton of different ways. Like yes, I completely understand that maybe this guy isn't a perfect boyfriend, but who is? The thing that matters is that he does make me happy. It just makes me sad sometimes because i told my friend we got back together and she just told me how wrong it was and i get she's coming from the pov of a protective friend but i just wish my friends liked my boyfriend but at the same time i understand that they just want me to be happy, and its hard because i feel like I am putting myself in this unhealthy loop and don't know how to break it. You know it’s bad when you’d blow your GSI for a C in the class. . .

It’s actually not because I have a low grade at all, but simply because he is that damn attractive. Hell, I’d do it just for the chance to do it, screw the grade. He is one of the many GSI’s for a relatively well know public policy class. I don't know if he is actually gay but he for sure pings on my gaydar. A guy can hope can’t he. 🤷🏻‍♂️ Sometimes when I see girls who are shorter than me all I want to do is pat their head :/ I really wish I could redo my freshman year at Berkeley. I wish I was more focused on my dreams, part of which involves going to grad school.

I didn't really focus on my academics as much as I should have, and my grades aren't the best. They aren't terrible, but it seems like grad schools expect academic geniuses. I was worried about making friends, fitting in socially, trying to be cool, and other stupid freshman shit. I also spent all my time chasing this one girl who I was crazy about. She never really saw me the same way I saw her, and ended up with another guy.

I just want to go to grad school and pursue a research career so badly. But I read online all the time about how 3.5 is a soft cutoff, and that most people have 3.7 or above. And then I apply for research here, and some labs say they basically won't consider people with below 3.8 (@Sergey Levine @Pieter Abbeel wtf lol).

I wish I came into college with my head on straight instead of fucking around so much. Somebody please console me that you can go to grad school with less than perfect academic records. Always joked about doing porn to make money but I just walked through my front door from my first shoot with Lucas Entertainment. The money covers remaining tuition and rent and some left over. So definitely doing it again. my name is pete
and I like feet
every time I see them
I beat my meat (Submitted within 10 minutes of each other)

A. This stupid "wholesome Wednesdays" trend needs to stop - there are no wholesome people in this school, only a bunch of self-obsessed, attention-seeking scumbags. Myself included.

B. I wish someone would submit a confession about something positive about me on Wholesome Wednesdays, it gets hard trying to struggle through Cal. Remember to always compliment the ones close to you!

C. I always secretly hope that my name appears on wholesome Wednesday posts of maybe just someone confessing their love for me LMAO but being real that’s not going to happen and so I just smile at other people being loved and me being cold in this Berkeley rain I was hella sick today and got back and poured myself a cup of hot tea. I drank one sip and legit orgasmed Whenever I miss my boyfriend I just start scrolling through his facebook timeline and photos. Not a replacement for intimacy but it reminds me that you're a fucking nerd and I love it babe The weekend after that dumbass was punched in the face there were a shitton of Identity Evropa flyers plastered everywhere around MLK and Cesar Chavez. It became a fun Easter egg hunt of finding this néo-nazi propoganda and tearing them off the walls leaving them to be trampled on, unknown and neglected as they should be. Fuck facists, yo. To the law school girl who asked "Why?" and gave me attitude when I tried to introduce myself and ask what your name was, honestly what gives? We live in the same house and I've seen you in the shared kitchen a couple of times now, so I was just trying to be friendly like I am with most other people in the house and possibly make new friends like I have been doing for the past 5 years living there. And for the record, I wasn't trying to hit on you (I'm not looking to date atm and ABGs ain't my type, sorry). So sorry if my attempt at trying to be a good neighbor and make a new friend in the house creeped you out and made things unnecessarily awkward; should have trusted my instincts about you being an unwelcoming bitch. Y'ALL for real it is time for PDAs in libraries to fucking stop!!! i'm here studying my ass off in moffitt and there is this couple sitting across from me who keeps making whining and moaning noises and cuddling and kissing like???? even my dog is less needy like this and he a needy ass dog?? i understand that you really like your s/o and it's okay to be a bit PDA-y or cute but IM CALLING OUT THE EXCESSIVE PDA AND WEIRD KINKS LIKE if ur horny that's no problem but just go home to your comfy ass bed or sofa or even THE GENDERLESS HUGE ASS BATHROOM STALLS IF UR RLLY DESPERATE OK!!!! like bitch im already single as fuck studying in a library for a midterm no need to stick ur tongue down her throat. its a library not a sex dungeon!!!!!!! thanx!!! The girl sitting next to me took off her shoes and socks and placed her bare (and mind you, sweaty) feet on the chair she is sitting on. She is periodically scratching them on the corner of her chair, and moaning slightly under her breath. We have five minutes left. I have never been more ready to leave this class. CNR is a weird place folks. Hurry the fuck up! You show up at my house 3 times a week. You tell me you love hanging out with me. You give me food and give me the best hugs. You take videos of me doing silly shit for you because I’d do anything to make you laugh. In every interaction I make sure you know you’re important. I’m pretty gay and you say you’re straight. But come on! Come on! I can’t do all the work. You love my attention. I just can’t wait for you this fucking long. I won’t say shit bc I’m way to obvious. It’s your turn now. Hurry up! I can’t keep on waiting. This girl has needs. Fun Fact: I initially got rejected from Cal, but was adamant on going I filed an appeal. When filling out an appeal form, the university STRONGLY recommends you don’t do it because it is highly unlikely that they’ll change their mind. For anyone who needs to hear it: even when things seem unlikely, just remember there is that chance of shit going your way. Push through it, you’re on your way. Honestly, I’m so tired of my roommate. He does nothing but go to class, come back, study, then sleep. I like my alone time, but that’s not why I’m sick of having him as a roommate. The guy is so depressing to be around it makes me feel terrible. Every time he's not in class and in the room, the life is just sucked out of the small triple we live in. I feel so much pity for him because he doesn’t do anything at all. I know him pretty well, and I’m the only one he really talks to, on account of him being stuck with me for the year, and he honestly has not mentioned any friends, plans, or even hobbies. He has depression, and honestly that’s not surprising at all. He’s so fucking sad all the time, and honestly, who wouldn’t be with the way he lives his life. Go out. Meet people. Talk to people. Make some friends. My God, no wonder you’re a depressed piece of shit, you brought it upon yourself for not wanting to do anything aside from eat, sleep, and study. Am I a shitty person for saying this? Probably, but someone needs to tell you this, and I don't have the balls to do that while we still live together. By no means am I a social animal (actually the opposite, I don’t talk to ANYONE except my few friends), but he needs to at least make an effort. You can’t just keep following your same boring routine everyday and expect yourself to get better. You need to do something if you don’t want to live the rest of your life with a continuous rain cloud over your head. Please for the love of God find some friends so you don’t have to be rotting away in the room all day. Please just try. Just read post 1181 and wanted to ask the Confessions community: How do you feel about your SO watching porn? And if you don’t like it, how do you deal with it?

As for me, I have never personally regarded porn consumption as cheating, but as a girl who is pretty insecure about her appearance, it doesn’t make me very comfortable either. I’ve had past SO’s and guy friends try to explain to me how they are able to distinguish porn from reality, and there’s even a whole HIMYM episode on how healthy it is to fantasize about others outside of your relationship. But I can’t help but feel that if my SO watches porn, he’d rather have the super hot girls on screen than me - and at that point, isn’t he just settling? I have a really long scar along my pubic area (almost like a c-section scar) because I had surgery done on my pelvis a few years ago. I'm really self-conscious about it cuz I always feel like guys would not date me for that scar (esp. they'll see it during intercourse).. so for the guys that are out there, would you mind if your SO had a scar down there? Warning: TMI, bathroom stuff, sickness, bodily fluids

I don't mean for this to sound funny, but i'm realizing now it might: I ate something really bad and now i'm getting EXTREME stomach pains. Like, I'm crying, right? And I feel the need to go to the bathroom, so I run to the bathroom and sit down and IMMEDIATELY combination explosive diarrhea AND uncontrollably vomit at the same time while sitting down. It might sound funny but i was crying and wailing like a baby from the pain the entire time, praying for it to stop. Even now my stomach hurts more than it ever has in my life. It feels like someone's cutting my intestines into pieces! Anyway, I make a whole mess and vomit on the floor, cry for another half hour, clean myself (and the bathroom) up while still crying and then take a late night shower, stomach still hurting the entire time. It's 4am and I'm in bed now, just in pain and trying to cry less. I need to go to the Tang center, I know, but I have no insurance of any kind and couldn't afford it without it, I think. I don't know what they can do. It hurts so damn much. I know something's SERIOUSLY wrong. But I'm just gonna sit here and hope, cuz there's not much else I can do. God it fucking hurts so much. A friend of mine is majoring in eecs, business and math; and has a 4.0 gpa. He keeps saying he is "dumb af", like stfu bitch, you don't get 4.0s from being "dumb". But really though, I honestly, like genuinely admire him for how he is able to manage his time. He fits like 30 hours into 24 hours, idk how he does it. Every single day, I aspire to be like him, I am maybe even a bit jealous. I am not a big fan of Japanese food but few days ago I followed my friends and ate in a sushi place near campus. This asian boy came and asked if we were ready to order. Since I never really have Japanese food, I asked for recommendations. Although he must've been really busy dealing with many customers, he was so gentle to ask me for my preferences and gave me many recommendations on sushis. I never thought someone could be so attractive explaining sushi to me but he was just so friendly and gentle (i really liked how he was just always smiling). I went back twice after that day, hoping I'd see him again. Unfortunately, he was not working those days. Maybe it wasn't his shift. Anyways, he seemed like a Cal student and I'd be so happy to see him again. 😭💓 One of my goals here at cal is to be nice enough to people to be on a wholesome Wednesday post on this page To the group of cellists playing africa by toto next to Sproul: thank you for making my shit day a bit better! to the bitch in my stat discussion who happened to let out a condescending sigh at me every time i sniffled in class today: not everyone is blessed with allergy-free genes like you! you think i willingly pop pills day and night, blow my nose until nose is red and raw, and pump my nostrils with nose steroids (which, when it makes its way to the back of your throat, tastes on par with the shittiest cum i've ever swallowed) so that YOU can SIGH at ME? get off your high horse and smell the damn roses cos i'm sure as hell if you smelled enough of the pollen and dust and other shit in the air your nose would start running faster than THE SIGHS COMING OUT OF YOUR PRIVILEGED UN-MUCUSY MOUTH AND NOSE!!! :"( Studying for midterms can result in a lack of sleep. What I find effective is to jerk off instead of taking a nap and then continue studying. Jerking off = ReSeT I think I just failed a midterm because I couldn't stop thinking about fucking one of the GSIs. By the end the only thing I could think about was that ass In my decal this semester, there's this pretty cute facilitator. I kinda have a crush on him. He's funny, talented, cute (to me at least, Berkeley goggles), and I think we have pretty good chemistry. But that's the problem. I have a boyfriend and I think I'm growing feelings for said facilitator (we can call him N). I feel like a complete asshole and I can't talk to anyone about it because they all know I have a boyfriend. My relationship with my boyfriend is good and fun but I know he's not going to be the one. Sometimes, I feel dissatisfied with the relationship and I want it to end, but I'm not good at talking about the tough topics. I hate how dating can only lead to one of two scenarios: marriage or breaking up. Breaking up with people is especially hard for me. I know one day we will break up but I honestly dread that day so much because BF is such a great person and we share a bunch of mutual friends. I would hate not only losing him, but everyone else as well. Losing important people in my life leaves a lasting emotional scar. I know it's only natural for ex's never to talk again. I only hope my feelings for N eventually go away and are replaced with just platonic feelings, and somehow my relationship with BF doesn't come crashing down. 
I hate myself. Idk what to do. (WHOLESOME WEDNESDAY)

A. Medha Kothari is so smart and gorgeous. I just wish I knew if she was single.

B. ok for real though sandrine dudoit is fucking HOT. she can teach me data science any time hmu

C. Anime club Rika is the undisputed kawaii hime sama of Cal.

D. Shoutout to Kellyann for being one of the most positive and supportive people on campus. Your fantastic sense of humor lifts the spirits of everyone in every room you ever grace with your presence. You are one good egg for sure.

E. Sanjeev Vinodh is objectively the best moderator. For reference: http://majiktrix.weebly.com Some people at this school are way too extra, and honestly I think it’s only because they enjoy the smell of their own farts way too much There is this flamboyant guy that vapes a shit ton and he always comes to stay in our room even though he lives 20 seconds away from us. At first he was pretty chill but then he just turned into a total douche, always trying to give us hickeys and trying to fuck with us. He's also one of those guys who constantly say they got 2 standard deviations above the curve and then say he did bad.

I think what set me off the edge was when I went home over the weekend during first semester and when I came back I learned that he brought a girl over and slept with her on my bed. Not only that but he denied it and continues to deny it to this day. 
Now fast forward to last week and not much has happened since I had been avoiding him, but he decides to walk into our room while I'm trying to study. He proceeds to mess with me by spraying me with a pressure air duster, which was already annoying enough BUT he proceeds to start messing with the shit on my desk, and this is including the fact that no one in our room invited him, he just walked in. Now I'm chill with people messing with me but when they start messing with my shit, that's the last straw. I told him to leave but he didn't so I walked out for a couple minutes to calm down and came back into the room. I don't know if he's just mentally retarded or if he can't read people's emotions but a minute after I get back, he pretends to throw some of my shit out the window and at this point he's just asking to get punched in the face but I turned around at the last moment and punched a wall instead. My knuckles were completely fucked up so I took an uber to the nearest urgent care center, and he decided to join me because he felt bad or something. In the car I straight up tell him he's not coming back inside our room but this fucker had the balls to say "no, I'm coming back in the room". Like bruh fuck off already. 
I gave up on arguing with him and things died down for a couple of days. I went back home again this past weekend. I usually let my homeless friend sleep on my bed when I’m gone but I hide my pillow cause I like that shit to be clean. When I get back, not only is my pillow out of position but there’s some dirty ass blanket on my bed as well. I ask my roommates and they tell me that he slept in my bed again. The fucker literally lives 20 seconds away from our dorm and still fucking sleeps in my bed knowing that I fucking hate him and then even took my pillow out despite me hiding it. I ask him about it and he continues to deny it. Not to mention his fucking beer belly touched my bed and his 3 inch dick fucking piece of shit thinks it's all good between us. AYO IF I SIT IN FRONT OF ONE MORE PERSON WHO THINKS ITS A FUN AND QUIRKY WAY TO MANIFEST YOUR FUCKIN NERVES BY BEATING YOUR FOOT AGAINST MY DESK I WILL ACTUALLY DROP OUT OF SCHOOL. YALL ARE THE FUCKING WORST AND I HOPE YOU FUCKING KNOW THAT. IF YOU WANNA RESIGN YOURSELF TO A LIFE OF BEING A LITTLE SHIT THEN HONEY YOU DO YOU BUT NEXT TIME I FEEL MY CHAIR FUCKING VIBRATE WHILE IM TRYING TO LISTEN TO MY FUCKING PROFESSOR I WILL THROW SOME HANDS. WOW. BE BETTER MOTHERFUCKERS. I recently redownloaded Pokémon Go again and I am having a blast. I spend at least an hour a day walking around campus aimlessly catching Pokémon/taking over gyms/doing raids.

Unfortunately, I don’t want to look like a fool walking around blindly just staring at my phone all day so I try my best to make it look like I’m not playing it and also because it seems embarrassing to still play the game.

I wish more people still played the game because I kinda miss the days in 2016 when people would just walk around with their friends and catching Pokémon.

Can we make Pokémon Go great again? Honestly, I can’t believe people nowadays are actually proud of the title “wholesome fuckboys”. First of all, fucksboy can’t be wholesome, this is a fucking oxymoron. Second of all, how are you guys even proud to be fuckboys? Most importantly, those so-called wholesome fuckboys are just losers who are not qualified to be fuckboys UwU I am unfollowing anyone who sets their profile picture as their "friend" who's running for senate, president, etc. captioned with some corny bullshit about how "amazing" of a person they are. I'ma vote for the person whose face I see the least on my FB feed. My boyfriend and I (str8 female) broke up 2 weeks ago and in that time span I have had 1. a sex dream starring his father and 2. a sex dream starring a platonic female friend.

Is this withdrawal or an identity crisis, I can't tell when T-Zone burned down, the real loss wasnt the store but no longer seeing the cute guy with round glasses anymore 😥 To whoever used the bathroom stall in Moffitt after me today: I apologize for the puddle of tears on the ground. I swear they were tears. It was a rough day. I get off by the sound of other people having sex. I live in Martinez Commons and every so often I hear couples having sex. Once I do, I just drop everything and start whacking. There's just something so thrilling about eavesdropping on other people's most intimate moments. Most recently, I heard this couple going at it. They were moaning so loud and calling each others' names. When they were screaming "I love you", I just lost it and came so hard I'm working at a stagnant start-up with lackluster talent across the board (Engineering, Product Management, Executive-level Management, everything) in Chicago. I graduated from Berkeley with honors in a stem major and minored in another stem major (sorry for the flex, but there's a point to this). CS was a large part of my major, but I never considered myself anything close to a software engineer. But after seeing what the basic ass people at this company do and their limits, I know I can be one. Im working in a technical role now, but it's not quite where I want to be. There's also a colleague of mine who studied some liberal arts major in undergrad and graduate school at Berkeley and she's fucking teerrible at coding or thinking computationally and bringing about ideas to increase efficiency at this company. People who went to other schools and even have graduate degrees in stem fields from lesser or non-ranked schools are also terrible. Moral of the story: Berkeley prepares you very well. The difference between my abilities and people from other schools' abilities are night and fucking day. Be confident in yourself, you truly are getting a world class education and will probably be better at what you do than most others. Berkeley makes you hate yourself and makes you fell like you're an idiot compared to everyone else while you're there, but you feel like you're in high school or community college again (where you're a big fish in a small pond) when you start working. Unless you're at a big tech company most likely. Also, if you're non-stem and trying to work in a technical role, get a fucking grip and take some real CS classes or the like; you get found out soon enough if you don't. Hello, yes I can see you peeing from your bedroom window while I am studying at my desk late at night. No, it is not what I wanted to see while cramming for my midterm. I heard the 3rd floor of DKE didn't have a bathroom, but I was informed that the 2nd floor did. So guy in the room on the second floor all the way to the right you suck and need to deal with your plumbing issues. Also, next time, you could at least have the decency to wave back while you are pissing so loudly and publicly. I have never hated the sound of specific people laughing as much as I have these past couple months. Every day you people go next door, and every day you somehow have conversations that are so funny your whoops would drown out the screams of 1000s of despairing Cal students. Plain and simple, you sound deranged, laughing so much. I get you want to have an amazing, fun college experience, I really do, but maybe NOT until 3 am every single night? Walls aren't exactly thin here, and I have enough trouble getting trying to fit enough sleep before 8 ams EVERY DAY without your howling. How many more times am I going to have to knock at your door or hit your wall past 1 am before you finally take a hint? I've done everything short of reporting you to try to solve this, especially since I'll get on the whole hall's bad side if I do, but I really can't take this anymore. I would say "you know who you are," but you're apparently too dense to recognize yourself even sober.

What makes you look even more pathetic is your crawling up to me with those half-baked apologies. Even someone on their last brain cell could see you're only doing it to excuse your guilt. So you recognize that this is a daily thing and that other people have had to deal with consequences? If you're so sorry about the noise level, delete your ridiculous voice already. Hey y'all, cover your damn mouths. I have far too many midterms to do waste a week suffering from the flu.
How the hell you get into Berkeley and not understand the basics of pathenogenic propoganda is beyond me.
I swear I am going to deck the next mf to open mouth cough in my face. If imma have to catch a cold y'all gonna have to catch these fists. All of my roommates and friends think I’m really quiet and awkward when it comes to sex. Little do they know my ex and I used to hook up all over campus, in really obvious places too like hallways of well trafficked buildings and smaller libraries. We never got caught and it was a pretty epic sexual awakening for both of us ;) for various reasons we aren’t together anymore but any time I get close to getting into a relationship with someone new I wonder if/when I should bring this up as something I’m into. Also wondering if anyone I want to date will have this same level of exhibitionism... I'm a transfer student taking CS61A this semester and honestly the amount of whining about this class is hilarious. I heard a lot about this class being difficult so I was shocked by how much hand holding they actually do. I'm a math major and this is my first lower division class since getting here, so this is by far the easiest class I've taken at Berkeley. Maybe it's just because of how difficult some of the math classes are but It's shocking to me that anyone could fail that first midterm and even more that people can't finish the homework and assignments that they guide you through step-by-step.

There was a post the other day someone wrote about being mad that a homework deadline wasn't pushed back that made me laugh so hard. I had already finished the homework so I was one of the people who voted for it to stay at it's original date. News flash, you need time management skills to succeed, so start the assignments early. Whining about deadlines isn't going to make them go away. Thanks for tanking the curve! I really appreciate my boyfriend <3. Hear me out:

I feel like a lot of guys in general are very awkward when it comes to the reproductive cycle of girls. Like I remember I remember having to take my pouch of pads from my backpack to go to the bathroom and my (guy) friend asked me what it was. The response that I got when I told him what it was was a super awkward "oh..." I feel like most guys I've interacted with kind of have the same response.

But when I was on my period, my boyfriend was super considerate, asking if I was feeling okay, or if I needed anything. He also was very okay knowing about it and talking about it. Also he was curious to know how tampons worked? He wanted to see how it worked and even helped me put one in. His response was, "Omg that's so fun." Up to this point, even though he's been very okay talking about my period with me, I still felt awkward talking about it with him because I assumed all guys are awkward dealing with periods. But he's really been supportive and perfectly normal in helping me deal with the nightmare that are monthly periods and I love him so much for it. Bb, if you're reading this, ily <3 I alternate between very annoyed and very entertained at the VERY enthusiastic and VERY tone deaf rendition of Bohemian Rhapsody my neighbor has been singing consistently around 9-10pm every night. It's like a free concert that only makes your ears bleed a little.

(In all seriousness, though, you're really starting to hit those high notes, dude.) Ever since last semester, I've gone out of my way to avoid old friends. It's not that they did anything wrong or have triggered up some kind of baggage from my past, it's just that I've gained weight from being stressed out. I feel like if they saw me, things wouldn't be the same and they wouldn't like me anymore. I know it's crazy, and I miss them like all hell but I just want them to remember me as the skinny b****. I rather do the rejecting than be rejected. -Ghosting Bear in hibernation Why the fuck is unit 3 so shit???? I type this at 1:30 am as I wait for my laundry to fucking dry. I had to wait 20 minutes for a dryer to open (there's only like 20 of them (~6 are broken at any time) and I didn't want to take anybody's finished laundry out (thats another problem but alas)). After that 20 minutes, I WAITED 3 WHOLE FUCKING CYCLES of 48 minutes each, and my laundry STILL wasnt dry. I couldn't just leave it in there overnight since I was washing my sheets.

Was trying to sleep early today... guess not. Oh and we're paying the same amount as blackwell btw. Fucking bullshit. taking a dump in the dorms is an extreme sport. you have to time your dump, flush, and wipe so when you come out of the stall there would be no one out there ideally. though in most cases that cannot be true. sometimes you need to wait in the stall until the person who has been in there the longest walks out so they wouldn’t guess you were taking a dump based on how long you were in there. you also need to take the dump slowly so there’s less noise created. best time to take a dump is the morning so there’s not much people and if there is, they’re half awake anyway. it is also a plus when someone is showering so there is white noise blocking the sound of you pooping. thanks for coming to my ted talk. I’m an international student. I find it hard to lose weight here because everyone still loves me even if I’m thicc, which is not true back home 🙄 where I get a lot of s**t power move: taking the flyers they hand you and while they can still see you, turn around, make eye contact and shove that flyer down in your mouth My roommate is a stupid idiot dumb moron poo poo head and he is not invited to my birthday party I feel too insecure about my body to have sex. Before, I used to be very overweight (~220 pounds and around 5'5). I lost hella weight but whenever I'm close to getting INTIMATE with someone, I shut down and push them away. Part of it is because I'm so used to hiding my body by wearing a lot of layers that hide my fatness, so I'm not used to exposing myself like that....the bigger reason is because I still have faint stretch marks on my upper arm, stomach, and a little on my thighs. I'm scared my boyfriend will see it and be disgusted by me....I thought about using makeup to cover it up but that seems wrong. Anyways thanks for listening  :) and hope you all do well during midterm season! i broke up with my bf right before our one year anniversary because i was actually in love with his cuter and dorkier roommate. and i know he was cheating on me with his “best female friend” whenever they stayed overnight at his place anyway.

go (toxic) bears, i guess Two-step verification is so annoying and inconvenient. I was with a friend off-campus and had to submit an assignment by midnight on bCourses. I could have done it off my phone, but my phone was out of batteries and I had no charger with me, so I had to use my friend's phone. Then two-step comes up and blocks me when I try logging into bCourses. Once I got back home, I ended up submitting the assignment a few hours late and got a zero. There have been countless other similar scenarios like this, where I needed to respond to an email, check something, etc., but had to wait because two-step got in the way. Why is it so important? Is there any evidence to even show that multi-step verifications have successfully bolstered security? It's almost as if these big companies only compare about THEMSELVES, rather than the convenience of their users.

Also, what about people who can't afford smartphones, or who don't even have a working cell phone for some reason? Won't these hinder their abilities to access their school stuff? Why did the school just force us to sign up for this without allowing us to give feedback? I understand that it really sucks when mixed persons and POC are asked "where are you from?" all the time as a thin guise for exoticizing questions of ethnicity...

But when I ask I really just wanna know if you're from SoCal so we can trash talk riverside together CW: Eating Disorder

The worst part of having developed bulimia recently is that it's working. I've lost 40 pounds at a 'healthy' rate and I'm inches (get it :) ) from being in a healthy BMI range for the first time in so long. I've realized the problem is just that I have god awful self control around food because I love it so much and my dumbass thinks that the only way to control my food intake is to purge after meals. I don't know what to think; on one hand I'm literally bulimic and I know all the reasons that it's a terrible disorder, but on the other hand I'm getting results ?? and my """self control""" around purging (like having no urge to purge after a properly portioned and healthy meal, and still taking care to kinda meet minimum calorie/vitamin needs) leads me to think once I reach my weight goal I can stop .... but I also know that's what they all think. I just wish I had the self control to teach myself control around food so I wouldn't have to just vomit out so much of what I eat to be at a calorie deficit. And I can't stop thinking about how much money I waste spending on food that comes right out after it goes down. Fuck is that even considered bulimia? I wish there was an app that matched you with someone who also just wants to spoon, no strings attached. My bed always feels so cold in this weather and all my friends from all my friend groups have been so busy with doing their own stuff that we haven’t really talked for a few months. My point is, some human contact would be nice for depression, spooning would make me feel safe, and it wouldn’t have to be sexual. I wouldn’t even mind if they didn’t want to make small talk with me. I imagine we’d just meet up, nap, then go on our separate ways with oxytocin or whatever hormone boosted up. (WHOLESOME WEDNESDAY)

A. Anna Whitney is my favorite ASUC senator of all time

B. Alex Zhu from Ascend looks like he can j buy my whole family
And I'd let him uwu

C. David Tran is such a warm-hearted guy I’ve ever met. I love the way he talks about his life. I wish we could have more time to meet each other more.

D. Franco Achacoso is THE most wholesome person that I've ever met. Your presence makes my heart just feels full. uwu

E. jake from suitcase are u single lol bc u cute fam 😍 I'm really glad that my SO and I are an interracial couple because we can match outfits without looking like we're sisters. 😌 I’m a UGSI for a lower-div eecs class and MAN OH MAN do I wish we could post some of the doodles/comments students put on exams...y’all hilarious. If you’re one of those people who writes comments to themselves/graders on your test, please keep it up. You’re the spark in the mire of grading 700 of the same problem Stern should be abolished. It's a terrible dorm. Mice, ants, cold showers, broken sinks, and no security at night. I understand the reasoning behind having an all girls dorm, and I'm sure some girls that live here wanted that environment, but probably 90% of us never even considered living here. Getting rid of/fixing Stern doesn't have to mean getting rid of an all girls living environment. Isn't Stern being this terrible some sort of Title IX violation? We literally have to throw away dead mice and take consistently cold showers while paying the same as other dorms. Not to mention that the designated accessible path to Stern was ruined when a tree was uprooted in a storm so the only ways up here are ridiculous amounts of stairs or a hill that is incredibly steep (I've seen people wipe out on it in the rain). I live in the part that hasn't been renovated since its construction in the 30s or whatever and it is abysmal. The "new wing" (new = built in the 80s) seems marginally better but I know there was a terrible mouse problem there last semester so it would still suck to live there. If anyone adds Stern abolition or renovation to their ASUC election platforms they will automatically have my vote (and probably the votes of most girls that live here, too). Don't get me wrong, Stern is certainly better than no place at all, and I'm very grateful that I am able to live here/on campus, but something needs to change since these living conditions are definitely not worth the thousands of dollars I have to pay for them. A comment here about racism reminded me of a moment I had last year. I was in a convenience store, shop-owner was Chinese, when a couple of young middle/high school- aged black kids came into the shop. The shop-owner waved to me and asked me in Chinese "Hey I'm alone here right now and have to stay at the counter, can you follow those black people around and make sure they don't steal anything?" I tried to explain to him that that wasn't a good assumption to make, and tried to relate their experience to his experience as an immigrant to hopefully teach him about empathy. He argued that we were different: Chinese people were honest and Black people were not (excuse me?). He kept insisting I needed to help him, Chinese people need to stick together because its hard in America for us (irony?). He got more and more frustrated with me, and even insinuated that the reason I wouldn't help was because my parents didn't raise me to do hard work (essentially accusing me of being too lazy to help him be racist). I just gave up convincing him and walked towards the teens. I think he thought I was going to help but I just told them "Hey, you guys should probably shop elsewhere, the owner over there is a racist prick, he doesn't deserve your money". The kids weren't even angry, just defeated, and left the store. I stole a candy bar on the way out. Fuck you dude, should've been worried about me. CW: Sexual Assault?

Apparently I did anal for the first time on the weekend, which I am really excited about. But my ass is so tight that I had to be fully blackout drunk to do it, so now I don't remember anything - including the guy finishing in my ass, which I think it really hot. It sucks that I couldn't remember it, but I guess that just means that I have to do anal again so I can actually remember it this time. Do you ever find yourself falling in love with some of your professors? Like you really want to know them, you fantasize about the conversations you'd have as colleagues and the way it would be so easy to laugh and talk about theory? Growing up I've never really had heroes, not in celebrities or my parents, not anyone who I really wanted to be like. But now I'm finding heroes right in front of my face and I just wish I could know them better or let them know how much they've impacted my life but that would be so weird :( I wonder if my upper-division MCB GSI knows exactly how large his package looks when he's giving us a presentation. It's hard for me to pay attention during section when all I can focus on is his massive bulge. It's so hot that he has the brains, looks, and a well-endowed appendage. Can someone tell me why the fuck I go to lecture if I just sit on my phone looking at memes the whole time? Will I absorb the info just by sitting here? this is something i’ve never told anyone because it embarrasses me so much :(

ever since elementary school i’ve had a problem with bed wetting. not like complete bed wetting where you literally just pee out everything it’s only a little like not enough to get the sheets wet but enough to get my pajama pants wet and enough that it smells really bad. it’s also not every night. even though i sleep in the same bed as my bf every night he hasn’t figured it out yet because i change my pants in the morning before he has a chance to find out. i know this sounds really gross and like a problem that only little kids should have and that’s what makes it so embarrassing. i’ve had this problem for my whole life and i don’t know how to fix it. it’s completely out of my control. like i go pee before bed every night and i try to get everything out and i don’t even drink anything a couple hours before i sleep and it still happens. i just wake up in the morning and it’s wet down there again and i just don’t know what to do anymore and i don’t want this to go on for the rest of my life and i’m too embarrassed to tell anyone. 
thanks for listening if you read the whole thing because i’ve kept this a secret for my entire life and i really don’t know who to turn to There is this really cute guy that I see when I work at International House. He always wear a black baseball cap backwards and some sweats, the only thing is that he never smiles when I see him. There was this one time where he gave this half-smile/small smile and IT WAS SO CUTE I was so happy when he did that. To all the handsome good looking men out here in UC Berkeley, SMILE. Someone is swooning over it 😊 I miss my best friend and I wish he had warned me that I was not part of his "new year, new me" vision. (Submitted separately)

A. to whoever played the mii channel theme on sather tower: you make this school worth going to :)

B. Shoutout to the person who played Salut d'Amour on the Campanile bells on Wednesday (3/13) at 6:00 pm. I was having a not great day, but hearing that song really lifted my spirits. thanks quality carillonneur :) I need to get this off my chest even though I'm likely to receive flak for it from this page: it really bugs me to see (through posts shared by my facebook friends) that the people who bullied me and destroyed my self-confidence previously in my life are now coming out as LGBT and are being hailed as brave, determined, etc. I've spent several years now trying to recover my identity and I respect members of the LGBT community who have established theirs, but I refuse to respect those who have forgotten their pasts. My roommate freshman year always bragged about scamming financial aid. His family was extremely wealthy: he bought drones, computers, all the new tech gadgets like it was nothing (he bought himself a Tesla recently just because he thought it looked “cool”). He’d wear new clothes once and then never again because he decided he didn’t like them enough, and continue purchasing new clothes he did like. This in itself wasn’t bad, do what you want with your money. Even him being meticulously stingy—he had a whole spreadsheet for exactly how much money people owed him—wasn’t the worst part. He bragged about how his parents made their money buying all up all the foreclosed homes after the recession and flipped them for exorbitant prices once the housing market picked back up. But he said they’d found a way to keep all the money underground, so it’d never show up on their tax returns. So FASFA thinks he’s an extremely poor kid and gives him a full scholarship while he really could afford 10, 20 tuitions. And even the way he got into Cal is scummy: he’s half Mexican, and wrote his personal essay about how he grew up in a ghetto neighborhood, waking up to the sounds of bullets flying past his house. He actually went to a bougie private school and wouldn’t know what poverty was if it slapped him in the face. My only regret that year was not slapping him in the face. to the TA who presented last at the data 8 midterm review in vlsb, you're great. you were so earnest and articulate and i could tell you genuinely love teaching. so many tutors/TAs here try to "teach", but are mostly trying to flex their knowledge. you've got so much passion and even though i don't even know you, i have a crush. it doesn't hurt that your shoulders are great, too. keep it up!
-a chick who now understands p-values I killed my roommates fish. It was an accident and I felt terrible about it. All of us were away over a long weekend, so I was taking the fish home and I assumed it'd survive the 30 minute drive. I wasn't told you have to treat the water with certain chemicals so even though it was filtered water, the chlorine killed the poor fish. I got home and freaked out and was about to call my roommate and tell him. My dad suggested just going to a fish store and buy a fish that looked the most like it. The next day I went with a picture of the dead fish and found a new one. It's come up several times about "wow I can't believe your fish is still alive" and I try not to laugh every time. Whenever he's being a dick I just think about telling him. 
(If you know who I am please don't tag me in the comments) Ladiesssssssss. I know the sun is coming out and spring is in the air but for the love of god, please do not come to school/campus with shorts that reveal your butt cheeks. I’m sure there’s some horny boys who are dying to see your ass exposed for the public’s viewing but please I beg you this spring to wear shorts that cover your butt. Please debate wether I (a guy) am in the wrong for wanting our beautiful women to sustain the respect they deserve in our society by at the bare minimum covering their privates. I love me some daisy dukes, or mid drift tees, or cropped shirts/bottoms. Whatever. I’m not saying cover every inch of skin. Just please cover those booties 😊. Sincerely, a guy worried to have daughters in western society. The instructors that run the West Wing DeCal are some of the coolest people at Cal. You can tell they’re both super passionate about politics and actually try to make the class fun and easy to follow even if you’re not a politics junky. S/o to them for throwing a potluck last week just cause and for making my Wednesday’s slightly more bearable <3 Let’s be completely honest here for a moment. Plentea was the best boba place Berkeley ever had and all of you phony boba fanatics out there let them go out of business. All other boba drinks are just sugar, water, and diabetes compared to Plentea. Hope you’re all happy. Want to know what pure fear and terror feels like? It's when you're studying and grinding out work on Moffitt's fifth floor, with your browser in full screen, losing track of time in your hopeless endeavor to finally do the work you've supposed to do for a month... and suddenly the Bear Walk announcement starts.

To those of you who saw me jump up out of my seat, get used to it. To the person in the floor bathroom who can't aim for shit: if, after you're done, there's seemingly piss everywhere except in the fucking toilet, either sit down or go see a doctor about your crooked penis. I was cold, alone, scared — ass dirty... I had just finished liquidating the lumber when I realized there was no toilet paper in my stall. Alas, a lone hero sat silently in the stall next to me. Through tears and a quivering voice, I uttered, "ay y'all got any toilet paper?"

"Hah, yeah I gotchu pal."

Not all heroes wear capes. Sometimes I wish I could lay in bed for three days straight so someone would ask me if I’m okay and I could tell them how the depression has come back ten fold. But I get up the first time my alarm goes off at 7 and run to the gym instead. 
I wish I could binge on sugar and watch sad films with tissues so someone would ask why I’m sad but Instead I throw kick backs and invite all my friends to go out. 
I wish I could sit in the back of the class with my headphones in a large hoodie and sweats but I don’t. I sit in the front staying engaged with the material and talk to the people around me. I wish I could tell one of my many friends that I’m going through some shit but I’m going to listen and smile and laugh with them because If they’re anything like me then maybe depression doesn’t look like it does on tv on them either. Maybe depression doesn’t look like the symptoms on web md. If you have depression and you struggle because it doesn’t look anything like you think you should just know you’re not alone. By observing my grandparents, professors, and miscellaneous grey-haired people in my life, I've come to the conclusion that there's basically two kinds of old people: curmudgeons and sweethearts. If you had asked me three years ago what kind of old person I would end up as, there'd be no question that I would say sweetheart. But now I feel the weight of the world on me and this school is quickly accelerating my curmudgeonly evolution. I've become so angry, so jaded, so tired in such little time. I get mad when I see happy couples passing by. I get frustrated when people walk slightly too slowly on the sidewalk. I despair that no matter how much I achieve or how many people I have in my life that I love none of it will matter for much anyways. I distrust people because I figure I will end up hurting them or they will hurt me.

We often hear motivation from people that find meaning in life that there is a light at the end of the tunnel and all you have to do is wait a little longer or try a little harder. I think this is laughable; of course the people that stuck it out longer and found a purpose would think the right thing to do is to tell other people that it eventually gets better. We don't really hear "often, it does not get better" even though that's the truth. From the adults I know personally, I would say that it doesn't get better for most people. Rather, as you get older, you have kids and family and saying "fuck it" is not really an option anymore. Hurting people you love becomes more of a deterrent to suicide than one's own will to live. These are the old people that we see as curmudgeonly. It's not that life did or didn't pan out well for them in some observable or measurable way. A curmudgeon could have been very successful or achieved all their childhood dreams. Rather, curmudgeons have an itch that they couldn't scratch for 80+ years: a gnawing sense of hopelessness and melancholy that they couldn't quite figure out how to fix. I didn't have that before I came here, but I definitely do now. Maybe I should see a therapist, but all around me I see broken adults that are miserable with or without therapy. I truly believe that this is just a problem that's just side effect of the time we live in. In the future, being depressed in 2019 will be seen like getting Cholera in 1700: a really shitty thing that used to happen that they couldn't do much about at the time. Antidepressants that turn people into drones and induce suicide will be seen the same way we view lobotomies today. I’m sorry. I constantly feel like I’m not enough for you and I can feel that you get annoyed with me. Until now I’ve tried my best to fix myself for you. But it’s never enough. There are things I can’t fix. Do you know how it feels to get degraded constantly for your mistakes? I can feel myself getting tired of this relationship. I don’t feel loved enough, I’m sorry. Everytime we are together all you do is looking at your phone playing Clash Royale. It’s always the same. I talk and you ignore. The only time we communicate is through sex, and I don’t want that. I want your attention. I want you to look at me and treat me as if I’m worth something to you. Even though I feel this way I’ll never tell you until you get sick of me. I just don’t have enough will power to leave you and be okay. I love you. I wish you’d change by writing this but you’ll probably shrug it off. I’m sorry that I can’t be ever enough for you. i'm so glad to be done with physics after this semester. my gsi for a previous class seemed a bit disorganized but still like he was trying to be helpful, but honestly my current one really makes me feel like they don't give a shit about the students. Okay I am kind of in love with my CSM mentor 61B ;) but IDK how to become a better friend of his - he’s tall, smart, funny, SOCIAL, I did not see this coming at all, and he overall just seems like a cool guy and I wanna get to know him better but H O W I’m kind of a shy person initially so idk what to do, how do I make him notice me and think of me more than a student in his class - we are also the same year (sophomores) please advice My sister got a boyfriend before I did and she’s still in high school. Somehow I, who is no longer as closely supervised by my strict parents, did not manage to get one before she did :((((( Before college, I used to be bullied a ton because of my physical appearance. Classmates would call me "wimpy" or "bony" because of my skinniness. Often, people would ask me if I was anorexic. Throughout high school, I felt alone. I felt like people were disgusted.

Coming to college, I never thought I would find love. I did not expect it, nor I did I think about being friends with a girl. Somehow, I met this girl last semester. Unexpectedly. I was at one of the Dwinelle benches when she was coming out of the building. She had her head down and was smiling. When she was about to sit down next to me, she started laughing. i got nervous. I thought she was laughing at me. But she told me her closest friend sent her a bunch of memes during class. She showed me a few. Her smile and laugh caught my attention. I'm sure she noticed. She stopped laughing and introduced herself. She asked me about myself and if I had class there. I told her I had a class in an hour. She said, " Im going to Golden Bear Cafe for a scantron. If you're still here, I will join you." I told her that I can go with her. She just smiled. That's how it all started. That whole hour we got to know each other through humor. She somehow made me feel human again. We exchanged social media information. That day, she reached out to me. We soon became friends and always hung out.

Just in days of hanging out with her, I knew she was the one. Months later, I asked her out. She said yes. I did not expect her to say "yes", I was actually ready for rejection. When she said yes, I asked her why. She looked at me confusingly and quickly noticed that I was serious. She told me to sit down, then proceeded to give me a speech. It was beautiful. From there, she always reassured me of my value. She told me how attractive I was in every way. Unfortunately, I became too obsessed with her. She started expressing discomfort. One day, she told me that maybe we needed a break. Nothing happened then, we were still technically "together".

A week later, I went up to her and told her we indeed needed a break. She said she did not mind, and agreed to it. I was mad; I wanted her to oppose the break. I proceeded to block her on all my social media accounts and talked shit about her to my floormates. She was aware of all of this. I just thought she was probably seeing someone else and was over me. She wasn't. A few weeks later, we talked one night. I blamed all my problems on her and even started pointing out her flaws. She did visit me a few times after, to work things out as friends, but I always gave her a hard time. I didn't realize the damaged I had made until some time later when a mutual friend told me that she had to go to counseling because of me.

I hate how I did this to her. I still see her on campus, but she always walks right past me. I lost the only girl to ever fall in love with me, the one who saw past my physical appearance. I still think about her a lot. she's the only person I have fallen in love with, and most likely the last relationship I will experience. I doubt I will find someone like her. I do have her on social media again, and I often visit her profiles. I miss her laugh and smile.

According to our mutual friend, she does not want anything to do with me ever again. I would actually prefer that our schools' name were involved in the scandal, and to know that people would pay to be in my spot. I guess that's only for schools without all the fucking problems Cal has unlike Stanford and UCLA, makes sense tbh Imagine owning a piece a land. Now imagine wanting to build something on that said piece of land. But now imagine people rioting and protesting 'cause 'freeloaders' are using your land to sleep, eat, shit, whatever. But you bought the land, right? So what's the big deal? It's not your responsibility to take care of the homeless. This is Cal's People's Park situation in a nutshell. Whether UC Berkeley should or should not destroy the park is NOT up for debate. They OWN the park, so they can do whatever the fuck they want with it. Why are people trying to argue against that? I just don't get it. People here act like they own everything. "Hands Off Our Park." Seriously? Now they think that they own the park now? Besides, it's not a public university's problem to take care of the homeless. They have enough going on. I care about the homeless too, to an extent, but the way I see it is UC Berkeley owns the park, and they can do whatever they want to it. heartbreak is such a bitch. like people always talk about how they look back fondly on relationships and how it's bittersweet, but naw fuck that ya masochists I cry every time I'm done masturbating. The loneliness is crushing me My boyfriend has Asperer's Syndrome. For those of you who don't know what it means, it means he is on the autistic spectrum. When we met, I had no idea because of how charismatic, kind, quirky, and clever he was. He nervously told me after a few weeks of dating, and I promised him I'd never let that fact get between us. At first, he was the center of my world, and I couldn't feel happier because he made me feel like the most important person. But then came the nervous breakdowns where he'd lose his faith in maintaining a relationship and disappear for days, and the OCD where he'd make me feel like I could do nothing right, the insecurities that overcame him because I had dated other men before him and have celebrity crushes, the long grudges he held because of seemingly innocuous actions, and the physical altercations between us when his temper got out of hand. I feel more like a therapist or a mom sometimes because of emotional instability. There are so many wonderful things about him, but I am unsure if I want to continue. I failed my midterm. I've never failed an exam I could really use a hug rn I’ve admitted to myself for awhile that I definitely have some implicit bias against black/Latinx people, and you know I’ve been working against that, because I think it’s immoral. But I don’t want to confront my bias against fat and intellectually disabled people.

I just matched with this fat girl on on tinder. She’s sweet, respectful, cool hobbies, and wants a simple FWB situation. Ideal in everything but weight. And man, I started to think about kissing her and my stomach turned. My stomach actually felt bad. Damn. I don’t want to be a mean asshole but there it is.

And for a long time I’ve been extremely uncomfortable with intellectually disabled people. I prize my intelligence above all else. I’m not even saying I’m a fucking genius, but I possess a human brain aka the most powerful machine known to man and I LOVE that fact. So it’s hard to find love for humans that are afflicted with literally the worst punishment conceivable: to be so close to perhaps the best thing in the universe—the average intelligence of a human—and to not be able to grasp it.

I’m sorry to all the people who are gonna get really hurt from this. Girls, I don’t want you to hate yourselves because that’s awful and unproductive and I think there’s plenty of people who will accept you (romantically). And I want to be a part of that group, I’m just not yet.

But I have no idea how I can extend an appropriate of empathy to intellectually disabled people when my first reaction is that they’re cursed. I want you to live a fulfilling life—and I think, on some level, you can just fine—but to do that without full intelligence would be awful. Damn. I feel like this is so awful. But that’s the point? Confess to your sins to the Cub. I’m asian and I have a big one even when soft. I love peeing at urinals with no dividers like Dwinelle and Morrison or shitty dividers like Evans since I’ve caught multiple guys glancing How much time do you all think is normal to spend with your SO? I am currently only seeing my boyfriend maybe once or twice a week, and it's hard because I want to see him more, but he doesn't seem to be able to make more time for me. I've told him I felt neglected but he continues to hang out with his friends more than me, and honestly not sure if I can continue constantly missing him/wondering what he's doing. I was hoping he would change after I told him how I felt, but he's continued to not make time for me. Should I wait and see if he changes? Is it time to end it? The world does not deserve the amazing Neha Shah. She's so humble, but she's honestly one of the most talented people I've met at Berkeley. ILY <3 I wonder if she knows that everytime she texts me, I smile. I live in Unit 2 and the way some of yall rack your bikes up makes me want to slash all your wheels and take your seats. Be more considerate. I live in Ehrman. Come fight me. i have a strange turn on for loyalty. I'll be talking to someone I find attractive and maybe I know or don't know they're dating someone(but I find out later) and basically somewhere in my interactions with them they'll say something me like friend or bud and side hug me and I'll get hit so hard in the feels like OOF, all right, that hurt and yet that's hot, they're loyal, and I respect you so so much right now. I had no intentions of home wrecking, but you have shown me a home wrecker wouldn't stand a chance anyway and that is absolutely beautiful. you go. I want something like that. the only problem with having this as a turn on is the fact that all these people are taken and Mmm whatcha say is basically your theme song at that point. I am so fucking horny all the time it’s absurd. I actually don’t know what to do with myself anymore. I get even hornier when I’m tired so I’ll be sitting in class hard as shit while falling asleep. I'm starting to feel really strange about friendships with the opposite sex. I'm not interested in anything right now and I'm not touchy nor flirty either. I'm just like nice and treat guys like I do my girlfriends too??? And yes, I've definitely had quality relationships with guys but it's getting really frustrating and sad for me. It seems like every time I make it clear to a guy friend that I'm not interested (in anyone), they drop off the face of the fucking Earth. So... I don't want to date anyone and that means you don't want to be friends anymore? Don't want to hangout or hit me up anymore? I'm really sad because the basis of the friendship may have been because of other intentions. Has anyone else played Runescape? Back when I was a socially awkward, pubescent teenager that was grappling with my changing body and had to navigate sexuality on my own (never got that birds and the bees talk, nor did my friends ever talk about it--it was a promise ring ceremony kind of school), I remember getting solicited to "cyber." I guess I wiped this shit out of my memory for years and years until today, when I had a conversation with someone about the first online games we played. Then I was reminded of the one time I followed this guy into some remote place with no other characters around, so we could "cyber." The dude literally typed, "In. Out. In. Out." And then I was all amazed because this was how I was learning about interaction with the opposite sex. I really had to contain my laughter today because I've never talked about this to anyone before, but I'm SO glad I've evolved since then. I hate past me, LOL. Yo, women’s Lacrosse team house on prospect, literally everyone can hear your conversations outside, and frankly no one cares that you “made out with a non-athlete” *gasp!!* (seriously though, can’t believe y’all are actually that condescending). Also, your music taste is trash and the little garage thing outside your house definitely isn’t structurally sound and needs a drainage system because water is always pooled on top (actually concerned, 40+ people probably shouldn’t be standing on top of it during a party)

Xoxo, 
one of many annoyed neighbors guys who skate on lower sproul are much hotter than those who dance like i just watched this guy land a clean af fakie backside heelflip can you teach me pls I hate the way people look at me. Ever since I started college, I've packed on so much weight. I can't help it, as soon as I'm in a stressful situation, I binge eat until my body can't take anymore food. Anyways, I can feel everyone's gaze on me as they scan my body up and down. And no, I'm not imagining this (I have literally seen their eyes scanning me up and down. I get this uncomfortable feeling whenever they do and I feel ashamed and mad. To give an image of how overweight I am, uh (maybe 5'5 and 220 lbs, not sure). I know I'm overweight and I'm not even sure why I'm ranting when it's the truth, but recently my RA and my roommate did this to me and I just felt betrayed? I don't know but they can just fuck off. Even my best friend calls me a fatass once awhile. I just feel like disappearing is better than getting hurt everyday. I've lost weight before and that was because I was in a really healthy mindset. Ha, that's gone now. To the post that said CS61A is easy and that people whine about it too much can seriously screw off. Sure it might be easy for you to spend all your time on CS61A and be on top of things, but everyone isn't in the same fucking situation as you! I wake up in the morning and after all my classes, I have to work. I don't get back to my room until evening. After spending an hour showering and grabbing dinner, I work on CS + 3 other classes until 2/3am, get like 5 hours of sleep before I repeat my schedule. The only breaks I get is through showering/eating. Even after dedicating all my time, I still stress about the deadlines. And yeah I could really use that extended due date for the homework because I just got back from a long shift for work but nope :) people just HAD to vote for as soon as possible.

Didn't Dan say this class is about helping each other out and shit? :) Well, help a girl out because there's literally no point in making the deadline come sooner if you're still going to submit early. I mean, are you hoping people will pat you on the shoulder for your early submission? Let's help each other instead of competing for grades. It's hilarious that my roommate complains that i can't turn the house heater on because it's too loud, when she screeches dumbass broadway songs to the top of her lungs for her vocal classes every damn night. It would have been tolerable if she's good or even have an ounce of consideration of her other roommates at the fuckin least once, but it's been 3 semesters now and I've been so patient about this, and I can't take it anymore. She can never STAY on a fuckin scale for over 2 verses of a song, just like she can't stay with a dick for over 2 weeks at a time. Not slut-shaming her here, but definitely voice-shaming her. And this criticism isn't a nitpicky tuning problem coming from the roommate who's been in choir/theatre since elementary school -- her out-of-tune-ness is so bad that any normal not tone-deaf person can hear since she is consistently off by a half tone whenever she has to do a note jump greater than thirds. I just wish she would improve so all the times that I've been annoyed won't go to waste listening to this one bitch who never learned how to practice music effectively. There are literally free tone/tuner apps on the App Store, I hope she reads this and catches on. AFX should have other kinds of dance. Highkey not down for their overly sexualized hip-hop, but I do want to learn to dance. Students at UC Berkeley don't know how to treat or talk about homelessness. Just the other day I saw a homeless man who was screaming expletives and nonsense at people. It honestly scared me and I'm okay to admit that, specially when he started banging the 51B (<3). Inside the bus, there were three people who were talking about him. One of them jokingly said to the other who is visiting from Texas, "yeah, hahah this happens, better get used to it." This is not verbatim but the problem with this conversation and also the confessions about homeless people in MLK is not that they are not true, but its that the rhetoric dehumanizes homeless people. First semester at Cal I studied at MLK all the time, but as soon as homeless people brought in their bags I started to go to other libraries. So people do have a legitimate concern but I also think that students should put their efforts into actual advocacy and not just making jokes about it. Instead of advocating for MLK security or IDs why not advocate for homeless folks??? Berkeley students you are all so fucking powerful if you advocate for these issues. STRENGTH IN NUMBERS. please be conscious of how speak about other people whatever their status is. If you are a guy who has been hitting on a girl for a while now and she doesn’t seem to be responding she is most likely: 1. Not into you like that or is just not into you at all 2. Doesn’t want to say anything for fear of being labeled as presumptuous (the whole “but I wasn’t even hitting on you, wow you’re so full of yourself” thing) 3. Has tried to say something or do something to discourage you and you have just flat ignored that for whatever reason Please just stop this and grow up. Beating a girl down by being a giant pain in the ass that doesn’t stop texting isn’t going to make her like you. You’re not entitled to an explanation as to why we won’t date you. Just stop being weird or go away. Okay so like, I've always been afraid of strangers when I'm out in public. Like, mostly men, but pretty much everyone. Though since I've come to Berkeley I've met so many genuinely nice, kind, emotionally vulnerable guys that I've started feeling a lot less scared walking around. So thank you to all of the guys who have been great friends, and the strangers who hum their music in elevators and make life more approachable. I just hope you all know that it's appreciated I get really sad when I think about the fact that relationship either ends in marriage or breakup, like there’s no in between. If you meet someone you value a lot as a friend but also like as a bit more than a friend, but you know that even if anything starts the likelihood of you two getting married is very very low, doesn’t it hurt so much to think about that you could risk losing this amazing friendship for a relationship that will most likely end up in a breakup? What do people do in this situation? 
I am not saying that I date to marry, but it is just sad that if you date and then breakup with someone you value a lot as a friend you could lose that person as a friend too. I have started catching feelings for one of my friends. But, I don't want to act on it because I don't want to ruin the friendship dynamic and make it awkward. I might have accidentally friend zoned him earlier on in the friendship without realizing it too. So now I'm stuck overanalyzing his actions in the past trying to see if he ever has liked me or am I just overthinking things at this point? I don't know what to do, but the crush remains. I have not really considered liking him until recently, but now I can't stop thinking about how good of a guy he is. I think I might have started to act more obvious about my feelings, but I think he is either clueless or acts indifferent to it. What should I do??? Please give me some advice. I like to buy the 16 oz cup of cilantro sauce from the brazil cafe. I know it's probably just green mayo, but I eat that shit plain in spoonfuls. Yum!!! my boyfriend and i have been having super hot and very intense sex multiple times a day every day. even when i’m on my period we still go at it. i feel kinda bad for people who have to listen to us, but every time he makes me come (he also makes me come multiple times each time we have sex which feels amazing) and moan i don’t really care. if you’re reading this baby, you’re super hot and sexy and i love you and we’re totally going to do it later today ;) (WHOLESOME MONDAY :3 )

H. mike deweese very cool

E. Fern is a great guy

W. Keshav, you so beautiful.

W. Joshua Kim you are so fine!!! Please do pull ups more often in the fitness facility so I can see your back muscles. Also you’re such good eye candy and I’m sad to say that I won’t be able to see you much next year although I rarely see you to begin with. I would tell you you’re hott but you probably already know. I might approach you on the last day of spring semester just to tell you how fine you are, but that will be kinda creepy and weird. Just seeing you makes my day so please be outside more often and keep on smiling. I want to admire your beauty from afar. Please and thank you!

O. Matt Owen has the most contagious laughter ever (MOLESOME WHONDAY)

E. Spencer Mowdy Hill liked my comment. I fucking win at college.

D. Spencer is a FUCKING DOUCHEBAG. Seriously. He posts confessions that make our organization look bad

C. Have I mentioned that Spencer looks like an absolute snack?

B. Spencer just won't post my confessions. I have submitted 3 non-generic, non-discriminatory confessions without any named people over the past couple months and I'm tired of watching generic or substanceless confessions (like #1001) get posted while my spicy confessions rot away in confession purgatory. Please, Spencer, post my confessions. I need UC Berkeley to know!

A. I'd peg Spencer Howdy Bill,
But I don't think I would let an inch of him inside me. class WholesomeMonday:

‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍def A(self):
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍print(“Last semester I literally had the best math GSI ever and since it was my first semester, it set my expectations so high that idk if they’ll ever be reached anymore. Ty to Jonathan Liu for being an 11/10 math 1b ugsi that brought us candy and was rlly nice all the time !!!!!!”)

‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍def B(self):
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍print(“I love Mark Siano's fun and relaxed attitude coupled with his height and noticeably mature behavior, he's definitely someone I would call Daddy ;). The way he explained the difference between a linked list and an array in CS61B was quite exuberant and well-read; love his thirst for knowledge!”)

‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍def C(self):
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍print(“Malachi Tran is such a pure wholesome soul, just being around him makes me happy”)

‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍def D(self):
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍print(“Tim Sun has the best smile of anyone at this University. He's such a cool guy and it brightens my day whenever I see him. Does anyone know if he's single??”)

‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍def E(self):
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ ‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍print(“Neil McClintick is a fucking god. He works so fucking hard on student advocacy and puts so much effort on this unpaid labor that it makes me so happy to be friends with him!! I’m kind of impressed by how’s smart he is. Like the tf dude how can you be so smart and so dedicated. I can’t wait to see what he accomplishes outside of Cal!!!! :)”) Dan Garcia is one of the best professors on this campus. I've taken a couple classes with him, and he goes out of his way 100% of the time to make students feel comfortable and welcome in the class. At Berkeley it often feels like no one (not even teachers) wants us to succeed, and that can be super isolating, but it was so refreshing having someone like Dan as a teacher because he resembled the exact opposite of the classic Berkeley stereotype that teachers want grade deflation, want to fail kids, etc. (I know not all teachers do but it feels that way sometimes). Anyway, thank you for being an amazing teacher!! I've come to the realization that Im about to graduate college, in all seriousness, as a fundamentally unkind person. Sure, I'm "nice," like I wouldn't do or say mean or cruel tings, but I'm definitely not kind. If you ask me when the last time was that I went out of my way to do something good for someone, I honestly couldn't tell you. I'm a pretty introverted person usually and on top of that my academic goals have put me in a state of total self-absorption. I feel like everything I've done in my life up to this point has been all about me. ME, ME, ME. MY gpa. MY test scores. MY cv. MY grad school apps. MY tinder profile. MY seasonal allergies. MY instagram likes. MY credit score. I know college is where you go to improve yourself, but I wish I had taken more time to do good things for other people. I feel like I've even lost all sense of the basics, like giving sincere compliments... even something simple like, "I like our shoes!" or "You did great on that presentation!" feels unnatural to me. It's almost like I know how to feel compassion but am clueless on how to act on it. 
This guy I know from one of my classes though.... this dude is a total pro when it comes to being kind. He is so generous with compliments, and always makes you feel listened to, and remembers shit about you from previous conversations. He's not afraid to be a little over-the-top. He also spends a lot of time tutoring kids with learning disabilities(!!!!) Not even a little bit out of character for him. I used to find him pretty loud and obnoxious, but it's been so humbling to know him this semester, and he makes realize how little fucking good I actually do for my non-me surroundings. I'm almost jealous of him because wish I was more like him- less closed-off and more naturally kind. Sometimes when I get pissed at my roommate, I swish his toothbrush around in the toilet. I attribute 99% of the reason why I don't flip shit over the pile of dishes in the sink to the fact that every time he goes to brush his teeth, I think of the sweet, sweet ass water swishing around in his mouth. I didn't really know I changed until I came back to school and people began complimenting me. Before, I have never been called pretty in my entire life. But my glo up changed the way people saw me. For the first time, I had guys hit on me. I could flirt my way out of a ticket. And I hated it. 
Whenever I used an "attractive advantage," I always asked myself: if I looked like what I did a year ago, would these people still be my friends, would they still help me? People were much nicer to me, and I enjoyed the friends. But I was scared to admit that maybe my newfound friends were only there because of my looks. Where were they last year when I stayed in every weekend by myself? 
Being "pretty" is such an unfair advantage, and although I hate how I'm taking advantage of it, the benefits are pretty fucking great. So the other night I go to take a dump in Morrison and I enter at the same time as some kid who goes to the sink and turns on the water to use a bit to fix his hair then goes to look at himself in the mirror with the water still on. I hear him exit right after I popped a squat but the water is still going. A couple minutes later I finish and head to the sink to find the water is still going.

This jackass turned on the tap to use a splash of water and just left it running. Two minutes of water wasted. Having grown up relying on water trucks to deliver weekly supplies I guess I am more aware of the fact that water is a finite resource, something that doesn't seem to occur to the students on this "eco-concious" campus.

Now, just the other evening I am getting out of a late meeting in Dwinelle at 11pm and enter the restroom to find a homeless person using the sink to bathe (having been homeless for a time myself I completely understood the struggle, we have very little access to showers and similar facilities for this community which only perpetuates the plight of trying to attain a vocation).

Anyways, this homeless man was turning off the tap every time wasn't using it. And while he may have spent five minutes bathing he effectively used far less water than the entitled music department prick in Morrison.

Berkeley claims to be progressive but it seems even it's least advantaged citizens are more self-aware than our students. My ex-boyfriend and I were together for 2 and a half years. We'd constantly fight or have quarrels about little things that would blow up into something more. I feel like we would break up probably 2-3 times a month but get back together within hours. It was definitely not a healthy relationship. Looking back at it now, why did I not know my own worth? Was it because we were together since we were in high school or I really didn't want to lose him because I loved him. But recently, I stopped loving him. I genuinely feel empty if I think about a situation where I'd say "I love you" to him. I didn't mean it anymore. The night we broke up, I was checking twitter and someone actually said along the lines of "uhh not sure who needs to hear this, but your first love isn't always the only one". Shortly afterwards, she also tweeted, "stop fighting, just break up already." like okay damn, now I know who my NSA agent is. Nietzsche and Kelly Clarkson were wrong. What doesn't kill you does not, in fact, make you stronger. Exhibit A? Life at Cal.

Instead of molding me into a better person, I feel like my experience at Berkeley has reduced me to a lesser individual than I was before. I'm less interesting because I don't have time to dedicate to hobbies or non-academic pursuits anymore. I'm less kind because the only way to stay afloat is to make sure that you're always ahead of the person next to you. I'm less optimistic because never-ending failure has shown me that getting my hopes up is simply a waste of energy.

I feel like an empty shell of myself, mindlessly laboring throughout the day just so I can produce again tomorrow. Sharp stabs of adversity might make you strong, but constant dullness just makes you broken. So I’ve been dealing drugs to help pay for college since freshman year and I swear I make the most money during internship recruiting season. Shoutout all you “incoming investment banking/Haas” kids, buying half cut coke with baking soda and vitamin B for $100/gram and helping me graduate debt free Good luck on midterms everyone!!! I hope you all do amazing!! Except for those in the same class as me. I need that curve on my side 2149. Last month, I submitted a wholesome Wednesday about myself to impress a girl and it still hasn’t been posted and now I’m pissed. I think after my experience in Kresge Library today I am going to become a nun. The disgusting couple in front of me has been making out and cuddling and pillow talking, and I understand people like each other and all but there's a time and place for this and its not WHILE IM TRYNA STUDY FOR A QUIZ. The guy keeps trying to teach his gf math 54 which is fine but is it really necessary to cuddle and kiss eachother every 5 mins while doing so. brb barfing and abstaining for the rest of my life!!! I recently found out that my boyfriend pays for camgirls. They do skype sessions. While I was reading one of the conversations, I found out that he had told this girl some pretty intimate details about his life, and that shit hurt as hell. My heart is broken. I am pretty chill with the fact that he likes to watch porn regularly, but this feels shady as fuck. The fact that there is interaction and some sort of intimacy between him and these girls is what makes me feel so betrayed. I confronted him about it, and he said that while all along he knew what he was doing, he is sorry for causing this pain in me, and is overall apologetic. We have been together for years, and I want to work this out, but I honestly don't know how to proceed from this point on. Help please? Every time my housemate looks away I flip her off for as long as possible. I do it so often at this point I've made it a challenge and I! don't! feel! bad! at! all!!! she's one hell of a prick. Longest flip-off time? 22 minutes. I love grade deflation. I’m gonna end up with an A+ anyway so y’all failing just makes me look better. I'm just watching lobster videos at 3 am and like can't get over the fact that they're alive to the very end. Like how do they even stay alive in the refrigerator. That's fascinating. Like I've seen so many Lobsters and like don't remember why I am watching this. The amount of harassment I have received while running for ASUC Senate is actually ridiculous. I ran to promote what I perceive, and what I believe many people agree are common-sense platforms: ID scanners for MLK, added security for the Clark Kerr dorms, more responsible spending, and respect for free speech. Despite this, I have been threatened online and in person by my opponents and unfairly labeled an extremist. I think it is extremely harmful that ideas straying even ever so slightly from the prevailing "orthodoxy" here are marginalized and harangued. That's a perfect way to create a regressive ideological echo-chamber incapable of solving real issues. The fact that I have to turn to this page to express my frustration just shows how toxic the Berkeley political climate is, ASUC and otherwise. Beto fucking sucks, Bernie too. I was team Bernie but the vibe has shifted since 2016 and low key im Yang Gang. Not for the 1000 yolobux, but for the memes. They are straight fire 🔥🔥🔥 I found myself masturbating to the "Keith Eats Everything at Olive Garden" Try Guys video and I ended up imagining getting fucked in the ass by a breadstick. Do dicks and Olive Garden breadsticks have the same girth I can't say I've had a chance to compare the two I'm tired of motherfuckers walking around with their face to their phones disregarding their surroundings and pumping into you like a malfunctioning Kiwibot. It's even worse than motherfuckers with umbrellas in your face on rainy days. Seriously, these kids who walk around zoned into their phones like tech zombies need to learn a lesson. Bitches about to get tripped to the ground. Maybe after falling to the ground they will find their face in some flowers and actually smell them for once. One day before I graduate, preferably in my last semester, I want to buy a lot of bagels, muffins & brownies and give it away for free to everybody in Moffit at 2 AM. I've been there and I know what the struggle is like for students who are determined to make it in life.

My time at Cal has taught me that there are two kinds of people in life - go-getters & those who pretend to be go-getters to those around them. If you want to know who the real deal are come to Moffit during the early morning and take a look around you.

To all of you who feel undervalued or taken for granted, trust me when I say that there is a light at the end of the tunnel. In a few semesters (maybe even before you graduate) you will be in a much, much, much better place than that person who told you you were lame and too boring when you wanted to hang out with them. Watch them go on dates and let show off now. Just know that you will be much better off in life by a far stretch.

Y'all hardworking bees know who y'all are. Keep killing it and know that I love you.

Source: A hardworking Moffitian I just jacked off and nutted so hard that my legs are aching and tingling and it’s hard to stand. I’m not even sure where to start with this cluster fuck of a story that has been my love life for the past few years. I want to preface this with who I am. I am a gay 24-year-old transfer student in their last year here at Cal. As I am getting ready to graduate I feel it’s the right time to share my experience of being in an abusive relationship, with the hope that I can leave it behind here at Berkeley as I move on with my life.

I suppose it starts like any modern relationship story. We met on a dating app in the late spring of 2015. He was finishing his Berkeley sophomore year, and I was a local community college student getting ready to apply to Berkeley. Looking in retrospect, I should have known not to continue to date him. It was the ONLY first date I have ever left thinking that I did not want a second date. He showed up drunk, and was fairly rude and self-centered during the date and he essentially MADE me pay for the date. Somehow, I let him talk me into a second and then third date. Essentially what it turned into was him using me for a free meal and for the use of my truck with getting furniture. I was just in aww of the whole Berkeley thing, and I just went along with it.

Over the course of the summer however, I fell in love with him. Writing his behavior off as “being young and naive”. He introduced me to the freedom that is the college life style, the fun of having college aged friends, and the ability to experience Berkeley as a student. Over the course of the next few months I spent every weekend with him in Berkeley. I grew close with his friends, and became adjusted to what Berkeley was like. It is around this time that things started going downhill.

It began as him re-downloading dating apps after we had made the decision to be exclusive. Then came the mysterious text messages to different guys, the new dick pics of other guys saved on his phone, and then him actively going on date with other guys. I eventually confronted him about it, and he deleted it all, and promised to be better. I was in love with him so I fell for it. Over the course of the year he managed to both build me up and tear me down at the same time. In the beginning it was nice, I had someone to support me with my then current problems, someone who would listen, and give good advice. All the while he was quietly whittling away my self-esteem.

He came from a wealthy family, it was expected for him to go to a good school and to know how to navigate college. I, on the other hand, came from a really poor family in the outskirts of Detroit. Although I didn’t notice it at the time, it was this that allowed him to see himself as better than me. He had the family support to allow him to have nice things, to not work in college, to not have to worry about anything other than school. I on the other hand had to struggle for every little leg I up I got. I worked my ass off over that year to prove to him that I could be just as successful. It however, was never enough for him. He constantly complained about everything I did and who I was. He complained about my cloths, my hair, the way I talked, that I didn’t always have time or the money to do fun things. He set out to change who I was, and I let him.

I gained admissions to Berkeley in the spring of 2016. I was overjoyed. I was going to get to go to such an amazing school. My family was ecstatic as I would be the first person in my family to attend a university with any sort of recognition. I started making plans to move to Berkeley, and to get ready for school. It was around this time that he cheated on me the first time. I called him out on it and his solution was to break up with me.

If I could go back, I would NEVER fight for a relationship with such a manipulative and toxic person, But I was young and in love. I fought tooth and nail to keep him. I made promises that I would change, I would work harder, I would lose weight, and I would dress better, and I would switch my career goals and start the pre-med rout. All that I asked of him was for him to stop talking to other guys.

We got back together and continued dating. With me living in Berkeley during this time and starting my junior year (he was now in his senior year) I had to focus on school. I continued to ignore the signs. I wrote off his talking with other guys as “not really cheating” and his continued destruction of my self-esteem as my fault.

As I tried and failed at premed (something I was not really into) our relationship struggled. We broke up and got back together several more times over the year. As he and his friends graduated Cal, those of us still in the bay area decided to get an apartment together in Oakland ( I decided I would commute to school). He talked me into moving into a place with him that I could not afford. I was still a broke college student and he was making a near 6 figure salary, and he still had parental support on things like rent. I bought our food, and did our laundry, and took care of the apartment all the while driving my-self further and further into debt to take care of him. I had the hopes that he would mutually reciprocate my effort, but he never did.

I was always the one who had to put forward all the effort. He was never really interested in my life, it was always a fight anytime I wanted him to come see my family, or to interact with my friends. Hell, he didn’t even come to my Community College graduation. He would never introduce me to his family, and he was always secretive of our relationship. He never posted picture or stories that included me (something he would do from the beginning with the guy he later cheated on me with), and he even eventually asked me not to come to his Berkeley graduation.

Near the end of the 2018 spring semester, even though we were living together, still sharing a bed, things really started to unravel. He was always off “with other friends” going to parties and on vacations ( I had to pick him up from several “interesting” locations because he didn’t have a car and didn’t want to uber) I suspect he was seriously cheating on me this whole time, but as I have no solid proof I can’t make that statement with certainty. However, come Cal day 2018 I discovered he had started dating another guy (we were still dating and nearing our 3-year anniversary). We had decided to come to Cal day as a group with our friends and instead he brought the other guy. He then proceeded to “borrow” my car so he could go out with the new guy (I did not know about this until later). This was the last straw for me and I decided to move out.

Over this last summer and fall semesters, I was a mess. The Depression and Anxiety I had developed from this mentally, emotionally, and (at times) physically abusive relationship, really affected me. I was un-able to get out of bed, un able to do class work, I almost lost my Job and failed several of my classes.

While I know I should have been stronger, and not put up with his shit, I loved him. I loved him more than I ever thought possible. There was so much good that came out of the 3 years I dated him, but there was much, much more damage. I have virtually 0 self-esteem now, I find it nearly impossible to trust guys I’m dating, and have 0 faith in myself or my decisions.

I know that I was not a perfect boyfriend myself, there were many things I could have improved on. There are times where I still blame myself for everything that happened, “maybe if I worked harder to keep him, maybe if I had been more attentive, maybe then he wouldn’t have done what he did. My friends always tell me that I’m wrong, that it was really him being a toxic, manipulative, and abusive person, but this just doesn’t always feel right.

I’m now working on moving past the trauma of dating him, working on strengthening how I view myself. It’s a long road and I still struggle with the emotional baggage, even as I have met a new guy who treats me so amazing.

I guess the moral of the story is, don’t force something that’s wrong, and never let anyone treat you like less than a person. It’s hard to find the strength to remove yourself from a toxic relationship, and it’s even harder when you still love the person who is abusing you.

To B2 (him) if you are reading this, I will never forgive you. You ruined who I was, you took everything, and never gave in return. My memories of you will always be of the “abusive guy” I dated in college. I truly hope that there is a special place in hell for you, and that you burn for eternity. Even now try to find ways back into my life (after over a year of you continuing to date the guy you cheated on me with) I know that you will never be a good person. I might not be back on my feet yet, but I know that I am a million times the person you will ever be. I trust that Karma will come for you, and you will get what you have coming. TO ALL MY FELLOW BERKELEY ASIAN MAKEUP EXPERTS:

how the FUCK do i find foundation that's literally just PURE YELLOW???? literally every single foundation i try looks like hot pink garbage on my face. im rly just out here looking for a foundation that's ACTUALLY yellow/beige, not some peachy shit.

can you guys please drop some brands & shades because this is actually such a struggle for me :( I should have been bio; I could've worked on bleeding edge research for making cat girls real. But alas I am still EECS, so I must work on waifu AIs instead. My Dick Little, So What. Cw: anti-blackness

In a class this semester about social justice, so imagine my (surprise?) disappointment when the people in it perpetuate anti-blackness so blatantly esp. in light of recent events w UCPD. The black students in the class were presenting and the prof basically cut em off for time literally right in the middle of their project and the frustration was so palpable. Its been a thing for weeks in this class where black suffering is the example for everything when the prof isnt black such that going to class and just sitting there and hearing the prof and students mangle your experience in discussion has to be so fucking hard. Saddest thing is none of us challenge it cause we depend on the grades and its the type of class w subjective evaluation. as EOP person in the class you wanna be an ally but its hard to say we see you we hear you when you dont do anything to stop it happening, right in the place where it shouldnt be happening. It is the weirdest yet most comforting feeling to be pulling an all-nighter in the dorms/apartments, look out your window, and see a few other rooms with their lights also on, doing the e x a c t same thing you're doing. Idk if y'all are looking out y'all's windows too, but I appreciate the unspoken solidarity. I have these intrusive thoughts of breaking up with my boyfriend everyday. In general it's not a bad relationship, there's nothing wrong that I can pinpoint, but I don't know if I'm self sabotaging or if I'm really not content with how things are. I don't want to break up with him to later regret it but I'm also not sure if I'm forcing myself to be in a relationship I'm not happy with just because of the fear of it being a temporary feeling. I'm ecstatic that I can say for the first time in months that I'm happy to see my ex so happy with her highschool friends. It reminds me of the time before we dated and the happy times in our relationship where she was radiating energy and so bubbly. Coming from a high school relationship, we were both extremely immature with our emotions and communications with one another. What started out as a high school romantic fantasy soon turned into an absolute nightmare. We fought over so many petty things... that in itself could be a novel of stories but that's beside the point. I think because we were both tricked into the mindset that we were "soulmates" or "meant to be" or some garbage like that, we tried everything we knew to keep the relationship working. The once happy relationship turned into a never ending spiral of fights, resolutions, and then more fights – the cycling going on and on. I guess I never considered us to be toxic be God knows how toxic and how much hurt we caused each other. Ngl, I was a pretty terrible bf. I have no excuses, but I’ve never grown so much in a single relationship. I'd say I'm light years ahead from where I was to where I am today in emotional maturity.

After we broke up, I thought everything was going to be okay. Despite our history, we had promised one another that we would try our best to forgive each other and move on hopefully as friends, or so I thought. Everything seemed rather normal for the first month afterwards, we even hung out together and grabbed dinner telling each other how crappy we were when we dated. Then one night, she said something really hurtful as we walked back at night and everything changed. I began noticing the subtle scowls and eye rolls assumingly it was directed towards me whenever I was around her. I tried to ignore it but something broke inside of me and all the anger frustration and pain began gushing out of me. It hurt like hell and I'm not afraid to say that I cried over those feelings for many days. I told myself that healing from the pain would simply take time and it was nothing to worry about, but I never let go. I never let go of the past because it gave me reason to be angry and hateful towards her, it allowed me to ignore her and pretend she didn't exist. However, while I was talking to a friend about how I felt about my ex, I was questioned whether or not my heart was truly at a place of forgiveness – was I really ready to forgive her? Over the course of the past few weeks, I've been trying to let it go. When I saw the sc stories from her friends who came up to visit her last night, I was initially filled with disgust but I realized that feeling disgusted was concealing a more substantial emotion: happiness. Deep down, I felt happy that she was back to her normal self and feeling disgusted was me trying to grasp on the heartache from the past.

I had avoided any mutual friends from high school during this period and I hope that they would still welcome me back. Do I regret being in that relationship? No, I would not be who I am today without her. I’m not in love with her anymore but if you turned the clock back, I would do it all over again, granted with many changes.

If you're reading this, I just want to let you know that I'm sorry. I'm sorry for the scars I've left in your heart. I'm sorry for the mean things I've said. I hope one day you can forgive me for the things I've done and resuscitate the promise we made so long ago. But if you don’t, that’s okay. I just want to let you know, if you even care, that I’m not longer bound by the chains of our past. I accidentally bought some Tiffany $150 paperclips and mixed them together with my regular paperclips. I realized today that I have been using them without knowing which one is what throughout this semester. Oh well, hope whoever keeps these paperclips get some happiness out of it. (Not an international student, just a irresponsible consumer) I really don't get the point of suicide proof windows at the dorms. Like, is that really going to stop someone at the moment? I literally cannot open my Blackwell window. It's a slight opening. Maybe 5 degrees off the wall. How tf am I supposed to get fresh air? Why does the Unit kids near suicide proof stoppers? Like if I really wanted to kill myself, I would've jumped off the Unit 2 balcony or something or jumped off in front of doe library. I really don't get the purpose of these suicide proof windows. Like rly??? this is my final semester at cal, and at this point I'm so tired and jaded that the only thing keeping me going until graduation is filling my social media feed with fat animals (like almost concerningly fat) to drown out all the midterm stress and cries for help I don’t know if it’s just me but I’ve recently struggled with my friends giving me a hard time because of my SO. I can’t help but feel bitterness from them. Even when I go out of my way to hang out with them, they always tell me things like “look who came around” or “I’m surprised you showed up” even when I show up on consecutive days. They’ll freeze me out of things and talk amongst themselves while acting like I’m not there. I don’t know if it’s their intention to show their disapproval of me getting into a relationship, but it’s brought my mood down lately and I don’t know what I did wrong. Attempts to communicate about this are met with just dismissal. I miss things I should be doing and go out of my way to make time for my friends only to be met with passive aggression. I wish I could allocate as much time to them as I did before, but it’s not possible. For other people who have gone through this, am I at fault for this or are my friends being unreasonable about it? I’ve always been told to not throw your friends away for an SO but it honestly feels like I’m being thrown away by my friends. To the guy who plays the piano on sproul some afternoons, you're absolutely fantastic!!! It honestly makes my whole day when I'm just walking through sproul and I hear beautiful classical music from the piano. I would love nothing more than to just sit and listen to you play for hours. Ever since I came to Berkeley, so many people have called me sexist and racist. This has never happened to me before, and I don't know why. For example, when I mentioned how I didn't like one of my professors because she was hard to understand, several people said I was being unfair since she was a female professor. But I didn't not like her because she was female, it was because I genuinely couldn't understand the concepts she taught. I guess I'm sorry if I offended you, but I really dont know how I could have changed it. One of my roommates is pissing me off to a new level every day. I didn’t think I’d get stuck with such a fake human being when I found them. It’s a pretty common problem among us freshmen I’m sure. I listened to them rant all of the fucking time about their insecure “friends” they just won’t cut off and other pathetic problems like thirsting after the worst possible people with ALL of my patience. They paid me back by using my things without asking, leaving our room abhorrently smelly, and never chiming in when we need to figure room responsibilities. I haven’t done any of the many things I could do back but maybe I should start. My other roommate won’t say a thing. I’m maintaining my composure by remembering how much better my life is with my real friends and academic success at Cal. I wish them exactly what’s coming for them because it’s nothing good with that careless and self-centered attitude. Go fuck yourself, or let those shitty “friends” fuck you over like they already are. I really don’t care as long as they don’t keep showing their fake asses to me. So the other day there was this dude that didn't seem too friendly. Something about him, he was just a muscular guy wearing all black and a Metallica shirt and he looked a little intimidating. Anyways, there was this really little bird that couldn't fly and he was gently cupping his hands so that he could pick it up and put in a safer place near the trees and that was just the most adorable thing I've ever seen. Never judge a book by it's cover. CW: sex, sexual abuse, medical mistreatment

I’m so proud of myself for being able to have sex.

The first time was a freaking horror story, complete with a bloodbath and the Wilhelm scream. Had the most awkward phone call with my parent the next day... to find out about my vajayjay’s medical history. Went to the OB/GYN, felt sexually assaulted by an ultrasound dildo, was told to just “relax”. Hell no I’m not gonna just relax?!? Sounds extra rapey coming from medical professionals.

But my partner is the best. We kept trying, and every feel-good moment is another milestone — getting in without pain, thrusting, new positions, climaxing. The other day I felt like we finally did it for real because he was able to pull out all the way and thrust back in and that felt GOOD to me. We both came with him inside me for the first time. He immediately gave me a loud bro-style high-five afterwards. And then we cuddled. I think I will remember this as my real first time. To my ex boyfriend who was questioning my ability in cumming, I squirted in another man’s hand. There are so many HOT people in the ASUC. I’d tap half of these senators. Maybe more. The line between sexual tension and election tension is thin. The worst part about seeing masses of stupidly blind/wrong/toxic/etc comments to a non-PC confession is that you know trying to respond is useless because a) have you ever tried convincing a large group of dumbasses that they're wrong and b) the people who make those comments be the same kind of people to then cyber-stalk you and harass you in real life for challenging their obviously 100% correct belief that anyone who disagrees with is a misogynist/racist/trump-supporter/otherbadthing.

Nowadays you can't even have decent discussion around controversial topics because any opinion that's not remotely mainstream is swarmed with 'this post is going places and none of them are good' tags and the same five people who stalk Confessions 24/7 and swarm the post with "how about you just mind your own business"/"what you're saying is very [insert discriminatory term] and you should feel bad"/"yup a virgin said this"/etc. Yes, sometimes the confessions submitter has misconceptions about how the world works (and sometimes they're right...) but can we work through disagreements properly and not by slinging shit at anonymous Facebook posters in a personal fashion so you can feel good about yourself.

And to those people: yes I know you're already preparing the "wow someone sure is projecting" comments, or something along those lines. But I'm not (even though you don't believe me), I just want for Confessions page to be a little less toxic so we can all have a good time and insightful discussion. Although I will admit I'm kind of curious to see what kind of BS you'll pull out to justify continuing your actions. I'm a student who got into Berkeley by appealing my rejection letter and I applaud those who worked their butt off to reverse the initial decision. Personally, I'd like to meet the people who decided to reject me and tell them that they did their best to keep me off this campus cuz guess what now bitch, I'm at this school killing it. Also, depending on the time that this gets posted good luck studying for midterms/finals! Honey if your SO doesn’t like you talking to people that falls into your sexuality, please talk to that person or freaking break up with them.

Two reasons:
Y’all need trust
You make your friends feel like shit when you have to completely ignore them when your SO returns.

I am getting tired of hearing “SH MY BOYFRIEND IS BACK DONT TEXT ME” when I want to text you.

I’ll respect your decision but man you do make me feel horrible my boyfriend went home for spring break and i cant fking sleep. i miss him. im just laying in bed, missing how he hugs me from the back at night, missing how he holds me close. i feel like a part of me is hollow lol. i just want him to come back. please I know this guy who made up like a dozen confessions that actually made it onto this page -- he just gets a kick out of seeing what Cal students enjoy reading/reacting to. Pretending you're sleeping but actually masterbating your boyfriend as he returns the favor under the covers while your roommate is either sleeping or walking about the room is so thrilling and hot. When she finally left for the day we threw away the covers and had hot, passionate sex. It was just a pity it ended a bit short because we foreplayed too much but it was still worth it.

This semester will have a happy ending. Spencer freaking Hill is gonna screen this one out, but I need to confess something - I attained enlightenment today. By enlightenment, I mean that I realized the supreme meaning of life. By "supreme meaning of life", I mean that I have stumbled upon the most eternal of wisdom: if a person is kind to another person, that person is likely to be kind to the first person and to other persons, increasing the likelihood of a kinder world. But the political-military-industrial complex does not want us to be kind to each other - this is bad for profits, and we all know that profits rule the world. Yet, if we are kind to each other (and stop drinking boba all the time), no secret agency in the world can stop us. (ASUC OPINIONS)

A. My best friend is running to be an ASUC senator, but I'm not gonna vote for him. I know him well and I wish I felt guilty, but he just doesn't have the temperament to be a senator. He also doesn't actually care about the communities he's running for - its just for the clout.

B. Anyone else angered by the amount of first years running for ASUC? You have only been here a semester but suddenly you know all the issues facing the campus and my future and money is in your hands. NO. I feel like only transfers, and sophomores and above can really get a grasp on the issues facing campus, because that is when you start to feel them when you move off campus, don't have a meal plan, may have to commute, have MORE real-world problems. Like how is a freshman sitting up in Blackwell, coddled and sheltered, still financially supported by mommy and daddy, and with a meal plan going to understand my struggle. I saw the one independent freshman candidate coming, but was shocked to learn that Student Action is running a first-year too. Where is your common sense? I don't know whether it is an unpopular opinion or not, but in my opinion freshman should not being running for ASUC and freshman will definitely not be getting my vote. As a junior I have seen the shit that the campus has put people through, I deal with way more, and it is sickening to see that freshman get uplifted and voted in, over even transfer students, who have not had a representative in THE PAST FOUR YEARS. Wake the FUCK up.

C. To the ASUC Senator candidate who brought a pug to campaign: you won my vote and my heart. Ur also hot so if you’re single, please hit me up... Idk how though but try

D. UC Berkeley Confessions should make a post about getting people to vote for ASUC elections in general. We see how many people complain, but they are not given the chance to even vote or get involved. This is a good platform for vote engagement in a nonpartisan way. Just to tell people to vote.

E. This is my second year in the ASUC, and I'm annoyed by all the candidates who never worked in the ASUC but are now running for Senator or even exec positions. In what org would it ever be acceptable for someone to run for President without having been a member of the organization beforehand?? It's almost arrogant. You think you can have cute ideas, tangential experience/marginalized identities, and waltz in to the top of the ASUC for your resume boost?? Their ideas are unrealistic but sound good because they have no idea what we can actually do in the ASUC.

No shade at the President candidates this year since they've actually served as Senators, but some people running with them got me bothered

And no I'm not running myself because as a transfer, you basically have to come in ready to run the year you enter as a student. Which is mad crazy Sometimes I see my old GSI around campus, and I just think like damn...you coulda gotten your dick sucked good if I weren’t so shy tbh The last night before I left for break, I majorly fucked up. I was talking to a friend of mine on and off the whole evening digitally because she was bored and so was I and I wanted to talk to her. I started drinking at some point and we kept chatting and everything was going fine. And then pretty late into the night, I had become kind of hazy from drinking and asked her a really stupid sexual question that friends shouldn't ask each other. She didn't respond so I got confused and then she unfriended me on snap, so I looked back at what I had said and was instantly overwhelmed with regret. I tried to apologize like 4 times through text and then tried to call her that night (while still drunk), and I've tried reaching out to her multiple times since then because I feel horrible about what I said, and I want her to know it's not a great reflection of who I am because it was extremely out of my normal character. Also, I would hate to have our friendship end because of one stupid text, but if that is the case, then I can't do anything about it, but the fact that she hasn't even let me talk it out with her has been making me feel really down and I can't move on. I don't know how live with my actions and I feel like shit because I know I fucked up and would do anything to change it. If the person who I hurt reads this, know I am sorry and never meant to cause you any grief, and I really just want to talk to you again. :(

P.S.: If you know who I am, please don't tag me in this So I was actually on campus earlier today to attend an event for something. I was hanging out with some friends afterwards, and I just wanted to post how grateful I'm feeling. I literally laughed so much today that my throat feels a bit sore, I cannot even remember that last time I enjoyed a day so much. I just feel so happy and I'm so thankful. I have been smiling non stop and I feel like I want to press a pause button days like this. It is days like this where my heart doesn't feel so heavy. When my cheeks hurt from smiling. When I feel like I'll be okay. Thank you to beautiful friends who I can talk to, who I can go eat with and who make days like this happen. It means more to me than you know. Overheard confession, too lazy to translate
To anyone with depression/anxiety: it's okay to struggle, it's okay to reach out, it's okay to live. [Hug]

被迫工作了12小时无休止，就如过去几个月常有的日子一样
回到家，从衣柜翻出准备好的皮带，把这几年脑海中已排练过无数次的场面付诸于现实
颈动脉被压迫后撕心裂肺的疼，最终没能坚持下去
收好皮带放回衣柜关上灯，跟室友们笑着道了晚安，平常的一天结束了
第二天正好要见一个月前预约的医生，随被强制入院
因为每天跟家人保持联系而这下又被没收了手机，最终还是担惊受怕的通过医院电话告诉家人事实，而得来的却是问责
颤抖着放下电话，内心想着再也不向家里人求救了，哪怕被强制住院吓得惊慌失措
出院后，才意识到，不仅家人不理解，曾以为最熟悉的朋友们也不理解。本以为的转折点，最后还是变回了戴上面具，遮掩伤口，微笑，的那个人。毕竟被世界优待的人怎么能抑郁怎么能焦虑呢
感谢于时不时突兀的血红色划痕
而自杀的念头却没有消失，可能有一天太强烈了会成功吧
而那时候在周围的人看来就是突然自杀了
但事实却是：陷在无尽的黑暗里感受不到光亮，被孤独，苦涩与痛楚折磨，终于在很久之后永远结束这痛苦 I’m sorry. I constantly am reminded I’m not "worthy of having any sexuality" and I can feel everyone's seething annoyance every time I attempt to express my desires. I've been doing my best to fix myself for society, but it’s never enough. These are things y'all enforce on me. Do you know how it feels to get condemned continuously for mistakes you did not do? I can feel myself getting tired of living in this environment. My human right to opportunity for expressing sexual attraction is grossly violated, I’m sorry.

Every time I let alone mention this, all people do is tell me "it's not that bad" and "sex is not that important". It’s always the same. I expound and you erase. Y'all will only tolerate me as neutered goof persona, and I don’t want that. I want society to accept that I, in fact, do have sexual urges. I want each and every one of you to look at me and treat these urges with the same validity as anyone else's.

Even though I know this is futile, I’ll keep emphasizing this even if get sick of repeating myself. I just have too much willpower to give up and consign myself to a lifetime of repression. This needs to change. I wish society could change by writing this, but who knows, people could just collectively shrug this off like they have been doing for the past decade. I’m sorry that I am not worthy of this vital, universal part of human existence because I'm an "inherently problematic individual". She represents the intelligence that doesn't come from books. 
That doesn't come from doing what the teacher says and having it reflect on paper. 
Her mind sees truth in different ways and the view is so beautiful that I could never grow tired of her.

She sees the beauty in others and knows there's something within herself but she just can't pinpoint what it is.
This lack of self awareness causes her to lose confidence and sense of direction.
She stumbles, falls, gives up and tries again, only to repeat the same process over again with a slightly different twist.
She grows weary and feels discouraged but the only thing keeping her float is knowing that something is there.
She knows if she can see how true and unique others can be, then there must be something left for her.

Somewhere in that deep, beautiful mind of hers. I just found out a weeks days ago that my religion considers masturbation as a sin... I used to thank God for the blessing of pleasure and pray for good sessions so I was very shocked to learn this. I haven't done it since then but I'm so horny it hurts. Every time my roommates aren't in our room, I want to touch myself into happiness like I used to. Every time I hear someone grunt at the gym or even accidentally brush against my nipples when I'm changing, I get so turned on. I don't watch porn or have had any sexual experiences with anyone so I don't really fantasize about anything while I do it. The sin itself is lust, but is it lust if I'm not thinking about anyone? Most articles I've read about this is mostly about men (I'm a girl) and married couples (I'm single) so I really don't know what to do. I know this is a weird and specific problem but if anyone has any advice pls help me out I am a Harvard student, but my girlfriend studies at Berkeley (one of the reasons why I follow this page). 
Recently I took a flight down to LA to try and surprise her, only to find out that she's been cheating on me with someone doing his LLM at the law school, and she doesn't know that I know about this whole deal. 
So babe, have a good life! I have been feeling good lately. My psychologist appointments are helping; I leave with confidence. I feel so much better each time. I have noticed a change in mindset too! Recently, I started visualizing myself differently. Sometimes, I want to blast music on campus and start dancing around. I see myself finally approaching other people. There is so much I want to do, and I am confident that I will get to the point where my visions transform into actions. I am very excited!!!! How do I spread this energy on to other people??? I don't want to keep it all to myself!!

When I first started counseling, I would break down as soon as I entered the space. The sessions are different now; I find myself joking around with my psychologist. I am proud of myself for finally seeking help and highly encourage others to do so too. I admit it is hard. It took me two years to reach out, and different psychologists. I am still struggling, but I am getting there. I'm bisexual and I'm terrified of ever being in a relationship with a girl because--if I am, then I'd want it to be long. I'd want it to never end. And then what's supposed to happen? My parents ask me if I have a boyfriend every time I come home; my parents have both said they're only staying alive to see me get married. If I wanted to marry a girl, they would freak out. After all, society wouldn't accept their daughter marrying a girl. And I try so, so hard to be perfect in every other way, because I'll need that--all of those examples--in the eventuality that I might come out to them one day. I don't want to give them that extra stress. Let's call two people Amy and Beth. It's almost 2 years into being with Amy and it's amazing: we love each other and sort our problems and it's really been it's best yet. And Beth I've known since freshman year as well. I always thought she was also incredible and has so many qualities that I love: funny, wholesome (like actually wholesome not "wholesome" *cough* *cough* abg's) and smart, you get the point. Thing is, I have always been certain that a romance with Beth wouldn't be a good fit and never even thought of her romantically. She really has been just a good friend. And there's nothing wrong with Amy. We get each other, have the same jokes, and are very compatible. There are days I still am smiling too hard from the thought that I'm with her. Once I woke up to a dream where during the dream I found out Beth was seeing someone. I woke up really sad, like verge of tear drop sad, guys. Since then I've been having the odd dream of Beth every so often and it's confusing me so much. I love Amy so much and Beth is still a close friend. Am I emotionally unfaithful? I'm so confused. (submitted separately)

A. I actually think dining hall food is decent | Change my mind

B. I never thought Cal Dining food was that bad until I just visited my friend's college over break. His school is also public and holds more than 40,000 students but the food is so much better. Not only that but there was at least three times as many options. And what's up with our dining hall hours? My friend says his are open 6 am to midnight every day and they have unlimited swipes! What the hell is up with this 12 swipes a week bs? I hope not all schools are like that and that maybe Cal is more typical, but if I'm wrong that's kind sad (WHOLESOME WEDNESDAY)

A. Wesley Wang is gonna go to the best grad school ever, whatever choice he makes, and I'm super super proud of him.

B. Nick Bourlier is an actual LaTeX god I wish I had the perseverance

C. I think Danny Chu is really cute but I feel like he's close with everyone, is he dating anyone? ;)

D. Brian Chen from Econ tutoring services in the SLC is such a cutie. Seeing him makes my day. He is also an excellent tutor! Brian , are you single? I am a coward and probably will never gather up the courage to ask you out. But just know that a girl you help occasionally in tutoring has the biggest crush on you haha. Sadly I won't be going to tutoring anytime soon but I hope you are doing well <3

E. JOCELYN CHENG IS SO AMAZING Even though the statue of limitations has passed, I regret not suing my false accuser for defamation. My parents talked me out of it multiple times because of the time it would take to go through the process, not to mention additional difficulties from having to represent myself.

At the very least, I want my accuser to understand how much his graituous fabrications still haunt me a year and a half later, especially with the still pervasive fear of another ambush that could truly render me unemployable and unable to socialize ever again. Instead, he simply cruised on with his life, happily graduating, getting a job, and becoming more popular in his circles by the day.

Meanwhile I still cannot feel totally safe anywhere near campus or around lots of other Cal students, and people continue to think it's all in my head. If you Bears would do just one thing for me, please acknowledge the trauma that false accusations do inflict when they occur. It’s March 27th. This morning BTS released a trailer for their new music and I feel so good?? I can’t believe one video, one song is able to lift my mood so significantly. I’ve liked BTS for a while now and I can’t even begin to describe how much they’ve truly changed my life for the better. We all know how taxing it is to be at Berkeley. It especially sucked for me because I came here when I was already at a bad point in my life. I thought a change in environment might help me, and it did… for a short while. It didn’t take me long to go back into that cycle of negativity. But then BTS happened, and it might be really cheesy to say this but they saved me. It’s not like they’ve cured my depression or anything like that, but they help me cope with it. The fact that they openly talk about their own experiences with mental health and just life in general really helps me because it makes their music more relatable. And now they’re spreading messages of self-love, but not the type you normally hear from people. Instead of straight up asking you to love yourself, they actually admit that they themselves are in this process of trying to figure out how to love themselves. It feels like we’re all on this journey to figure ourselves out and accept ourselves. I think that’s really powerful.

I love BTS and I love being a fan of BTS, but it sometimes hurts me to think that people view fans of boy bands so negatively. This stereotype of young immature girls is not only inaccurate but toxic in my opinion. Especially when it comes to BTS fans, I’ve met people of all ages, nationalities, and genders who enjoy their music and call themselves fans. But at the same time, I don’t see what’s wrong with young girls liking boy bands. Calling them crazed or looking down on them, do we really have to demonize them like that? I have seen grown men who are fans of football act much crazier than teenage girls who like boy bands, but they don't get nearly as much shit as young girls do. Additionally, as a non-Korean poc, it hurts that some might label me as a Koreaboo for liking their music and their message. I probably don’t get as much crap for it as a white person might, but it still makes me cautious about showing this side of myself to others.

But you know what? At the end of the day, I’m proud to call myself an ARMY and I’m proud that I listen to BTS. Not only are their lyrics beautiful and meaningful, but their songs SLAP HARD. It’s also amazing that a portion of their album and merch sales goes toward a UNICEF charity that they started. The members themselves also frequently donate large sums to various charities, which encourages me to go out and donate too. And then there's the fandom. The fans actually organize charity drives and do such wonderful things in the name of BTS. And to think that we all came together because of music. LIKE DAMN MUSIC IS REALLY THAT POWERFUL!

I highly doubt anyone will read this whole thing, and I’m not even sure if the admins will even post this, but I just really needed to let this all out. I haven’t felt this happy in a while. And to think just yesterday I didn’t have the strength to get out of bed.

TL;DR I love BTS uwu So I'm conflicted in regards to how I feel about this year's commencement speaker. Yes, Teach for America is a very controversial program and the speaker has ideals that are not aligned with many of us, but I'm not sure if encouraging our peers to make posters and walk out during commencement is the best response to this. If you're super against the speaker enough to do this, you might as well not attend. So many parents, friends, and family members fly long distances to come to commencement and being disruptive will just ruin the experience for so many people. I come from a low income background and have attended schools with Teach for America teachers. There are so many shitty and unqualified educators in low income schools, and these are not even Teach for America people. Some Teach for America educators who are really passionate about educational inequality will make a significant impact in their classrooms. Others who only use the program as a stepping stone to another career will not. It's really all about intent. But I do think that the program is problematic in other areas. It has good intent, but it can be better. The speaker isn't relevant to most of us, but I feel like it's pretty hard to find a speaker that will satisfy everyone. Many of us here would be super happy to have speakers like Mark Zuckerberg and Jeff Bezos. But if we really think about it, aren't these people problematic as well? Most of us here are pursuing jobs in their industries and contributing to gentrification in the neighborhoods that we're planning to move into. If they were the speakers no one would be protesting that...We're hypocrites! So growing up my parents always said we were upper middle class. A few years back I saw the range of incomes that that's defined as and we're... uh... let's say comfortably above it. Still, I didn't feel we were _that_ well off. Lower end of the upper income ranges or something like that I thought. Well, I found a study that lays out the household income percentiles for the country, and depending on how the year goes we're somewhere between the 93rd and 97th percentile.
This obviously isn't something I can bring up with my friends, because I know for a fact that none of them are near that well off and it would feel very much like bragging. But honestly holy fuck this country is fucked. We're in those ranges and _still_ often struggle with money, especially in health care costs. One of my family members has a condition which requires LOTS of medication, and it puts a HUGE strain on us financially. Like I'm really looking forward to graduating so I can stop being a drain on our finances and things can settle.

How the fuck can we be in the top 10% of the country, and STILL have health care costs be this much of a burden? Idc if we have the best specialists (which is the argument friends make for why our system is better), most people don't need those specialists so it seems shortsighted to fuck over 95% of the country's healthcare needs just so those who need that 5% can get the best care. Talk about fucking unfair. I'm gay and I hate it. I know the stereotypical shit people have to say about how it's not wrong and I should accept myself and that I can't change it but I hate it I hate it I hate it and I want it to stop, but I don't know how to make it go away. sometimes, the people around me can be overbearing. yesterday, i went to go see my family for spring break, and of course, hailing from an asian family, they asked about my life at cal. I explained that I no longer wanted to be a doctor (against their wishes) and that I really enjoyed studying econ and maybe business, but they vehemently berated me about it. funny, as no one in my family are doctors, but yet, they keep pushing me towards it because of 'job security, prestige, and the six-figure salary that entails being a doctor'. well fuck that, cause I couldn't care less. It hurts even more that when I left with my mom, my uncle said, 'i'll keep pushing you to be medical, your major isn't worth it', as I was walking out the door. wow. it hurts so much that my own family doesn't support me in my own endeavors, and that they didn't even take pride that I had the courage to follow something I'm passionate for and not just for the money/prestige. imposter syndrome sucks, especially if you're always circling around self-doubt and envy of others who are more successful, and sometimes i just want to end myself for feeling this way. it really is a vicious cycle sometimes. :( The boys of Berkeley are lacking. Every single guy I’ve been with here will go down for 30 seconds and ask if I’m done??? Where did these boys learn to eat pussy? Cunnilingus is an art y’all. It’s 2019, up your game. I am feeling lost after graduation. I have a decent research job in an area closely aligned with my interests and feel that I am getting a lot out of it. I have good labmates. I am gearing up to apply for grad school and feel adrift. I am an older reentry student with a family. I am limited in terms of geography in regards to grad school. I am concerned that I won't be able to sell myself to programs in the designated geographical area, or that they won't be a match for my interests/abilities. I don't know if I am very good at faking interest in things, and wouldn't want to do that. I don't have a lot of time and resources to devote to this and feel that I need to squeeze my ambition and career in between my family's needs, yet obviously also need to support my family. I am sharing this because I am a human being having this experience and you may also be a human being having this experience. If I fail one more midterm that I studied like a bitch for I'm putting my balls in a panini press "Why would I ever want to visit" . . . was I wrong for saying this to my mom, even though it was true? My sister told me that my mom cried when I said this. True to my word, I haven't gone home ever since I got into Berkeley. It's been about 2 years. I keep making up excuses, saying I need to work, take classes, or study, or that I need to stay here to obtain residency, but the real reason is that I never wanted to go back to my toxic, unloving home environment. Is it wrong that I don't miss my home, or my parents? Is there something wrong with me? I used to scoff at people for always visiting home so often, thinking they were weak or not independent enough. But I was wrong to scoff at them, when they're the ones to have something I will never have . . . . . Every break all my housemates leave for home, and I'm all alone in a cold, empty apartment, and every single time I'm reminded of how empty my heart truly is. I’m a woman, and I have mild autism (what used to be known as Asperger’s). It doesn’t present in the stereotypical way — i just knew my whole life I was a little different, and in high school I realized that was because I had no social instinct. It’s like everyone else was born with something I lacked. So, I just worked really hard to learn, and quite literally faked it till I made it. I became a master manipulator. By the end of my junior year of high school I’d insinuated myself into the popular cliques, and there wasn’t a single party I wasn’t invited to. I even stole the most popular girls’ boyfriends just to prove that I could. It was fun, because I hated most everyone in my high school. Similarly, i spent the beginning of my freshman year here fratting: I’d go to parties, identify the guys I wanted to see if I could fuck, and do it, sometimes up to three in the same evening. I got bored after a month of that when I realized it was just too easy to be interesting anymore, and I was tired of putting on a mask. I took it off and went back to being the person I was most comfortable with being, except now instead of being the mild-mannered nerd I thought I was, I had actually miraculously attained some social desire/instinct. I have a host of friends whom I genuinely love now, but things are getting a little tricky because there’s this one guy who I recently started dating. I really, really care about him. I think I actually love him. I waited for a really long time before trying anything (several years) because I knew he was special and I didn’t trust myself not to fuck it up. I still don’t, and I’m really scared he’ll find out I’m not worth it. Everything with him, our whole friendship, has been so easy, and I don’t want that to change, but my last few relationships have been shite and i feel a habit forming where I sculpt this ideal person out of the bits and pieces of themselves they give me and I end up pulling back a few weeks after the relationship becomes real, maybe because I’m unfairly disappointed, but more likely because I’m too scared to actually jump in with both feet and go for what I really want. Probably the latter—I think this is a much larger problem with myself in general. please help. How do I do this? He’s everything I ever wanted. I don’t deserve this. And I don’t want to/think I can fake it till I make it with this. I’m seriously in love with my childhood best friend. I didn’t use to be, back in high school we were just friends. There were rumors that she liked me and I guess I sort of thought that would be nice but I was way too hung up on other girls and I never really saw her as anything more than a friend. Fast forward to first winter break back from college and MAN did she change. I don’t know what happened but all of a sudden she went from being just another girl to being one of the only things I could think about. I’d always known she had blue eyes but I didn’t realize that they were THAT blue. In my eyes she went from being my weird and quirky tomboy friend to this confident, super intelligent, kind, and incredibly down to earth girl and I was smitten. We went to schools on the other side of the country and I knew nothing would come of it so I put it out of my head pretty easily. Then came summer of sophomore year. We were hanging out and she confided in me about something very awful that I’m not gonna get into. As I was comforting her about it she started to cuddle with me. I tried to be a bit distant because I felt like it would be taking advantage of her but every time I moved an inch away she moved two inches closer. We cuddled for like forty minutes and we didn’t really talk about it until like a month later before she came to visit me while I was working on the East Coast over the summer. She came to visit me with our mutual friend. First night she stays in the bunk bed of the double room I was in and her friend sleeps on the couch. With a suggestion from me she comes down from the bunk bed and we slept next to each other. The next day the three of us went to a party and we all got messed up. We went back to my place and she and i went to my bed. I told her that I was in love with her and she said she loved me too. I didn’t know if she meant it because she was drunk and maybe felt pressured so the next day I pretended like I wasn’t sure I remembered it. I confirmed it with her and she had said it did happen. Unable to read the situation, I pretended to be embarrassed and tried to play it off as just a drunken mistake, and like immediately refriendzoned myself which she I really couldn’t read how she felt about it. I knew she wasn’t ready for another relationship and I knew that long distance is dumb, but I feel like I missed a chance to be real with her when I was sober. I really do love her and now she’s with another guy from her school who’s in her field of study and her momma really likes. He treats her nicely and I honestly can’t hate the guy because he seems to make her happy and I want that for her more than anything. I don’t know if it’s even my place to tell her that I really meant it when I said I loved her anymore. Maybe she already knew and decided that she didn’t. Yesterday I saw a girl who had her eye color and it made me sad, that’s how bad I have it. What do I do? This sounds like a lame complaint, but my SO refuses to charge me for half of our expenses on venmo despite my continuous requests. If you're reading this babe, CHARGE ME I am a fourth year student at CAL and excitedly close to graduation in a few short months. I met my significant other 3 years ago and he now decided to let me know that he wants children in the next year or so and that he not only wants to get married, but wants me to settle on grad schools in the northern Bay Area. I have always dreamed of experiencing much more and beyond the borders of my home state, but he has given me an ultimatum. I also really wanted to live in DC for a while, before coming back to start a family in CA where my family is from. He just doesnt understand how sacred high tier educational institutions are for me (ie Ivy leagues) and says that im selfish for wanting to leave my family to pursue school or my career outside the state. I do love him and he is very compassionate. Im afraid of losing him, but i continue to tell myself that there is someone better out there for me, who is supportive of my career decisions. Maybe I am selfish, but since when was it okay to ask women to compromise their careers for men. Its the 21st century I thought? Oh and to have children right after graduation...its quite absurd to me. This may sound mean but IT NEEDS TO BE SAID. I have absolutely no problem with non-haas students coming to study at Haas. Like, please do, we could use some diversity. But as the finals season approaches, I have started getting nightmares from last semester when I was consistently forced to go to other libraries on the campus because the haas library was IN·FIL·TRATED by non-haas plebs. Like come the fuck on, please go fucking study somewhere else. Shit like that makes me wish there was a system that only allowed haas students to enter haas facilities during finals week. Plus, why the fuck does chou have close at 10pm?! USE THE FUCKING SCREENS IN CHOU FOR IMPORTANT SHIT AND NOT L.A.M.E ASS WALLPAPERS! Pls fix, thx. This may be an unpopular opinion but whatever. I think a big reason that Cal has been going down in ranking is because of the Cal students themselves. Yes, it’s always been known as a very challenging and competitive school, but we exaggerate how much we hate it so much that high schoolers don’t even bother applying or going because they think there’s nothing good about it at all. So don’t complain about not being #1 public if you only say bad things about Berkeley. ... I think my dad accidentally confessed to cheating on my mom. I don't want to give details, but he essentially told a story that involved sleeping with a prostitute while traveling in South America and how he played his cards to get a better one than his friends.

Except he and my mom are high school sweethearts, so unless this story happened when he was <17 this means it happened while they were together. I know how he feels about cheating in a relationship (very big no no), so that means that he doesn't consider sleeping with prostitutes cheating?

I'm honestly confused... My mom was yelling at me for gaining weight and I started crying and she stopped but high key I wasn't crying because of her, I was crying about how fucking behind I am in all my classes and how fucking screwed I am for my midterms next week. Really wish we could be quarter system like most other schools rn. Happy spring break y'all As a straight male, part of me still doesn't understand how women can be attracted to men. Hear me out - this isn't the case of some poor soul who hasn't had the talk. I obviously understand that it's a thing and why it's a thing, but some weird piece of my mind thinks it would make more sense if all women were lesbian or asexual. Why would y'all be attracted to guys? We're just like...dudes. Sorry for being stupid and juvenile, it's just one of those little mysteries of life that I'll never experience myself. So I am being harassed by a former high school teacher. At least I think I am and most people around me do as well. I never thought too much about him - or at all - in high school. He was just another teacher doing their thing and helping students get to college. I never felt singled out or 'special' in any way. That is, until after my 18th birthday. It was my first semester at Cal and about 4 days after I turned of legal age he sent me a 10 page Word doc through email telling me how much I had changed his life, how cute he thought I was, how he noticed me from the day I stepped foot at my high school as a freshman, and how much he loves me. Unfortunately, my young and naive 18 year old ass was so disgusted by this that after a breakdown I deleted these emails so I am left with no proof. Before this, though, he added me on Facebook (he has since been blocked on everything, including Linkedin), and began commenting how 'cute' and 'attractive' I looked in my pictures and began adding my family members on there as well. He knows where I live and my sibling has told me that he has seen him pass by a couple of times. I'm scared it's too late to say anything but if I were to speak up, who would I tell? He has tenure at my old high school and has a respectable image. Has it been too long?

After graduation in a couple of months, I want to move back home to be closer to my family but won't only because he lives in the same city and am scared of running into him. Of course, I could try to get a restraining order but what if I'm too late or what if this isn't valid? I'm scared of speaking up and telling my family because I have a feeling that I would be blamed for 'catching' his attention. I have lost count of how many times I have gotten physically sick from thinking about my situation. I really love my SO, but I guess I'm a lot more screwed up from past relationships/life experiences than I thought. I catch myself self-sabotaging, almost like I want this to fail. I don't, but somehow I keep feeding my worst expectations. Maybe something like, if I expect the worst and it happens, at least I was prepared to get hurt the whole time? I'm more scared to hope it'll actually be okay, and that they actually care for me, and that I'll ever actually be happy... than to put myself in a situation that I'll just have to get over again. I want to be stronger than this, but with school and everything else it's so hard to focus on fixing myself and getting better. And I don't want to put this burden on anyone else. My SO is perfect and incredibly supportive, I just have these issues. I wonder if I just shouldn't be with anyone else in a serious capacity. I know people will probably say I should just communicate, but I find it incredibly difficult to do, and like I said - it's hard to find the time or energy to put into fixing these bad habits when I'm bogged down with work and plans for my future, etc. I guess I just needed to get this out? There’s this filthy skater boy at my work and he’s lowkey cute. I kinda wanna take him back to my place and give him a bath but I don’t think my girlfriend would appreciate that. ;( I’m not as attractive as my current boyfriend’s ex-girlfriend. We’ve talked about it several times, and he tries to reassure me that he finds me attractive, but it’s hard for me to believe. I know it’s a losing battle but I’ll just automatically outright compare myself to her: she’s white, has thick thighs, a round butt, perky breasts. I can’t help feeling that every time my SO tells me I’m pretty, he’s trying to convince himself that he didn’t downgrade to the point of embarrassment.

I don’t want to keep bringing her up, because I know these conversations must be exhausting to him. I just don’t know what to do with myself. Now that my roommates are out for break, I've been jerking off so much. Like it's ridiculous how much I do. I can barely push out poots of cum at this point. My dick is begging for mercy but I'm too horny buddy. so my AirPods fell in the toilet... go bears I've recently come to a jarring realization about one of the relationships in my life. From very early on, I knew that they were bad for me, but I kept going back to it, asking for more. I would take too much, when they had little to give. I told myself I needed to get it under control, that it was best for me to distance myself. I tried asking friends for help, everything short of an actual intervention. Nothing worked. I know I'm enabling myself and letting myself be enabled by others when it comes to indulging in them, into letting them in my life again. There were days where I'd go by successfully, keeping a distance, but it all crumbles beneath stress, boredom, need, and ultimately, my weak will. It fully hit me on the first day of spring break, when I was finally able to put some physical distance between myself and them, and get some perspective. And this is a callout to myself, and anyone else who might be in a similar situation. (ASUC OPINIONS 2)

A. CalServe needs to get with the times. They have a lot of radical, imposing people. There's a lot of the school that aren't going head-over-heels for the environment, welfare spending, or are even socially progressive. How about the engineers? Business? Greeks?

That's why Student Action wins. They are accepting of all communities, and those that actually represent the school.

B. SAO slaughtered CalSERVE today. WTF is happening to our campus?! This is so surreal, I am still in shock. People, VOTE for fuck sake. I know there are people out there that have the same kind of fetish as I do but I'm not close enough with anyone to share this kind of information with. I'm a guy and I love wearing sexy underwear like jockstraps and contouring underwear, but I love thongs in particular. Not any thongs though: I love the ones that show off your bulge REALLY well -- those that cradle and lift the jewels, outlining all the goods of the package without actually showing all the junk itself. I prefer the ones that hold everything together and help everything protrude outward, but there are some thongs with some separation and have a sleeve for your dick that makes your junk look like a pistol. It's so fucking hot to wear something sexy under normal clothes and pretty much only you know what's going on underneath. I think it's even hotter if you're able to show it off a little bit too, like with sagging, wearing white stuff, or working out wearing a jock/thong underneath tights. ANYWAY, I think wearing bulge thongs interferes with my day because I can't even focus on normal activities like studying and listening in class. I just get caught up in the thought that literally nobody will know the kind of underwear I have on unless I purposely show off (which is too much for me) and it makes me really horny beyond belief.

I think more guys should wear jocks and thongs and show off what they have. For those who think wearing thongs is like a permanent wedgie, you can't actually feel a string is up your ass and it's more like you're going commando. But that also makes me aroused and then I get a boner from that. I wish men would be more open-minded with their underwear and clothing choices. I'm waiting for the day when men can wear spandex (like yoga pants) and that would be considered normal. But also I'm a nasty pervert who gets off on bulges and butts and anything covered with a tight material. thanks for reading <3 "Lowkey" is really the worst word, and you're the worst person when you say it. I'm the second worst for letting it get to me. Sahai's class policies and philosphy pisses me off sometimes but GODDAMN does he have a killer smile. It always makes me happy seeing him walk drown the street with his hair all bouncing up and down looking all pensive and shit. God, the man's attractive. If the rumors about his relationship are true then I'm so happy for the both of them. mans so good but jesus his administrative policies are a bit insane I get wet when guys go out of their way to put stray weights back on the rack. I get really triggered by the "Thot begone!" meme. I was enjoying my lunch today when I heard a group of guys joking about it, and it made me feel bad. I mean, just because I've had over 70 sexual partners since the beginning of the fall semester doesn't mean I'm a thot, hoe, or slut. It's disgusting that comments like these can be made freely without consequences. 61c with Weaver has been the worst class I've taken in 2 years at Cal. Even though I got an A+ from grinding out projects in 61b with Hilfinger, the 61c projects are on another level. I never used slip days in 61b, but I had to use them on the first project for 61c just to pass the public autograder results. And now that they released the final grade for the project as we approach the end of the semester, I missed a lot of stuff that wasn't explicitly in the spec. I spent a good chunk of my spring break doing the CPU project, which was very similar to the last time Weaver taught 61c, except with three new pseudo instructions, more ALU functions, and requiring us to write an entire test suite, nothing which was expected from past semesters. Weaver admitted that project 1 was asking for too much, and then he makes the CPU project even more work than expected before. And don't get me started on the midterm...

I see why 61c isn't required to declare CS, if it was the pain that people had over 70 would be a fraction of the weight of 61c. At least I can put C, Logism, RISC-V, and Go on my resume after this class. This class has killed all my interest for any cs classes with 6 in the number. I bet Weaver teaches instead of research just to see the pain in his students. Is it unacceptable to refuse dating an entire race of people because you've had enough bad experiences with them? I'm an Asian girl, and while I used to be okay with white guys, I've received enough weird, fetishizing messages from them on Tinder, as well as awkward, almost racist things said to me in real life that I don't think I could ever like a white guy. I want to think that most white ppl *aren't* like this, but from my experiences, they are mostly. Plus, from what I've heard from a few friends' experiences (not my own), Europeans are exactly the same in this respect, so it's not just whites here in the US. I used to think romance/cute teen indie tv shows and movies romanticized the shit out of relationships and dates and stuff but now that I’m in my first relationship I watch that stuff and feel like “damn that’s kinda what I do w my significant other/that’s how I feel when I’m with them” and it’s crazy that all that happy romantic shit can be and feel real. I’m very happy and very lucky :) I’m pretty sure I have feelings for one of my friends. We’ve been getting pretty close over the past couple months and I dont want to ruin the frirendship but I want something more and I’m scared to tell him because it might get awkward after. I sublty flirt sometimes but I think he takes it in a friendship way or brushes it off in a different way because I friend zoned him in the beginning of our relationship, so if you’re reading this, I’m flirting with u fr i wonder if he knows that everytime he looked at me and i caught him i felt like the only girl in the room and my all my troubles would dissapear

and when he remebered a detail about my life I felt so happy to know i was important enough for him think about

and now that hes gone i feel empty and lost

when his name pops up on my phone i wait to look at it because i know that one day itll be the last time he reaches out to me and if this is the last time i wanna hold on to him a little longer

i wonder if he knows that i try so hard not to think about him but even if im out with lots of people somehow my mind wanders to him

if he knows that the last time i got drunk with my friends i spent an hour crying about him because i kissed another guy and it felt so wrong

i wonder if he even thinks about me My girlfriend and I have been dating for almost a year. She is Indian and I'm not. We have had nearly a million fights about her being afraid to tell her parents. I feel like I've tried to be patient and understanding but wow this is an extremely painful situation. I love her so much and we are so good together. I just feel like if she knew she couldn't be with a non-Indian guy, why did she let it go this far? Maybe this is an impossible question but I really struggle to understand. How long should a guy wait? Am I asking too much? I know I can never fully understand the cultural differences and I would never want to hurt her relationship with her parents but I just feel trapped. I'm an undergrad and I chose to take a graduate level class this semester. I actually loved the topic and I thought I could handle that. I spent lots of time on the course although I felt not bad, I failed the midterm. I would say I was always a "good" student so I am super disappointed to myself. I cannot help thinking of failing the final or failing the whole course. But I truly do not want to. I do not want to fail. I started to hate the classes and study. I know it's wrong but I still spent hours and hours on YouTube to watch those "useless" videos. I slept late and got up late. I am so sure that I've done all the things wrong but every time I think about that course I feel helpless. I cried a lot in the past one month. I still remembered the night sitting in front of my desk with the textbook in my hand. I screamed and I cried. I am so useless and stupid. I know I will be able to figure out everything if I want to but I have no idea where to start. This is the last day of spring break. I feel stressed out every time I think of talking with the professor. I feel ashamed about myself. I don't know who can help me. I cannot express how disappointing it is to see that someone has posted my exact same problem on Piazza but then proceeded to mark it resolved and comment "nvm" with zero explanation. It literally takes seconds to share how you fixed it and will very likely help someone else struggling with the same problem. Which incidentally is (and I cannot emphasize this enough) the whole point of Piazza in the first place. hello?? pls help out your fellow classmates ok we're dying here I like taking showers with my hairy boyfriend because I can lather him up in soap or body wash and have him be my hot and sexy loofa. i’m honestly considering applying for dsp accommodations due to my lactose intolerance. like exams in general are just horrible because i’m constantly holding in gas to the point where my stomach starts squealing like someone slowly letting air out of a ballon. couple this with the anxiety of bending over to grab a pencil or something, only to have my asshole erupt like the bag of winds at the end of the spongebob movie, and i’m sure y’all can see why the prospect of taking a test in a silent room filled with hundreds of students is terrifying. this isn’t even considering the fact that studying in any silent library is near impossible, cuz anyone within a 20 foot radius is gonna hear alvin and the chipmunks performing vocal exercises in my abdomen. and through all this shit i have these lactose elitists sitting around me, silently judging me as my stomach goes full sicko mode, all because i decided to eat a fucking gogurt for breakfast. and before you douchebags in the comments say it, no this problem cannot be solved by me not eating dairy, cuz quite frankly a life in which i can’t consume dairy is a life i do not want to live. My girlfriend and I love to have sex. We go at it almost everyday, but I feel really bad for my roommates or anyone else in the hallway because we’d be moaning so loudly. She would even sometimes scream and I would have to cover her mouth like holy guacamole. We would even have sex during her monthly and man, it gets very slippery. It’s as if you’re going down the best and most intense water slide at a water park. Of course there are other great qualities in our relationship, but I think the thing that keeps bringing us back to each other (because we have broken up on multiple occasions) is the god damn sex LIKE HOLY BUDDHA. I can’t wait for you to get back this Wednesday baby. I’ve been missing you so much and I know we’ve been waiting for a week for this. You’re so beautiful and smart and funny, I can’t wait to see you again! I love you baby girl 💙💙💙! to the girl at thai basil who was staring at my boyfriend’s butt: screw u. it’s mine. I either get mistaken for a grad student or get called old here nearly every week. I feel like I get stared at a lot but I could just be tripping. In all honesty, though, I’ve never felt like more of an outcast until I came to this god forsaken town. In Berkeley, you’re either 19 or 65 years old. Hey, even though you’re my little and we’re good friends, boy, do I wanna fuck you again. The reason I haven't finished my LinkedIn and Handshake profiles is because I'm embarrassed about how little I've achieved and don't want to face and document my lack of success. idk if this one person I like is single
please heart react if you are single
thank you My greatest wish in life is affordable housing what is happening to me At the end of 2018 I stopped smoking weed, got back together with my ex, and started being honest with myself and my family. What I learned is that the problems I was avoiding by being a stoner didn't go away, they were getting worse and waiting for me to come back. Weed made me feel good when I had no reason to feel good, and that's why I kept smoking it. Now, when I feel good, I know it's because I've done the emotional labor to create environments that I can feel good in. I don't even like drinking anymore. I actually feel real happiness sober, even in super mundane parts of life like waiting in a grocery store checkout. There's real sadness and other negative feelings too, but that's part of life and those emotions are valuable!

So to those of you who smoke weed and feel like you can't stop: I believe in you. Maybe you're like me and are feeling so many things that you just need something to numb you. I was really far gone: 3-7 joints a day for 3 years, literally couldn't stop buying weed even when I would promise myself "this is my last joint," I broke all the boundaries I had set for myself like "no being high around family or my partner" and "no going to class or work high." I was the person who would smoke before literally everything. It starts with smoking before a concert, and ends with smoking before going to the park to smoke. I even had to smoke before going to the library! And I fucking love the library!

I didn't get counseling until after I had quit but maybe you need that. What made me quit was seeing the impact of lying and avoiding emotional labor on an older family member. It's no way to live. There is a way to feel better than what weed makes you feel. If I can make it out of the haze you can as well.

I'm a chronic marijuana abuser and addict - I've been sober for 3 months. I'm going to marry my partner. I haven't popped the question yet, but I'm so happy I just had to write it down somewhere. (Damn I hope they say yes). !!!!!!
TO THE GUY WHO KEEPS POKING ME AWAKE IN LECTURE
I don't know you! I have never seen you before in my life!! We're not friends! I didn't ask you to wake me up if I fell asleep in lecture! Please stop touching me! I don't want to say this to your face because once again - I don't know you - but oh my god dude you're killing me I swear please please PLEASE stop touching me :) As I sit here in Moffitt. I realize. More and more. That Thanos was right. We are OVERPOPULATED. LIKE DAMN! Why can't he snap his fingers and get rid of the people who sit on in the little independent cubbies and just use their phone and watch Netflix. All mighty Thanos I support ur higher mission! Whenever I hear people complaining about how dangerous and crime-ridden Berkeley is I can’t help but feel it shows just how many Cal students come from sheltered upper-middle-class suburban backgrounds. I’m not saying Berkeley is perfectly safe. Like any city, you have to be aware of your surroundings and practice good judgment (like not walking alone through dimly-lit areas at 2 am). But the crime rates don’t lie: Berkeley has 3.66 violent crimes/1000 people, lower than the state average of 3.96. Go to Richmond, Sacramento, Stockton, Compton, San Bernardino, or even Santa Cruz or Redding and you can see what an actual ghetto is like. So I'm taking a political theory class where we were studying Nietzsche. After reading the material, going to lecture and section I still felt like this phphilosopher was literally pulling theories out of his ass. Then over spring break I took LSD and understood Nietzsche's genius, which leads me to conclude he too must have been on acid. I wanna tell my GSI about this revelation but shouldn't for obvious reasons. Full lips and nice butts, which most people traditionally note as female traits, should totally be appreciated on men. My boyfriend has nice full lips and oh my gosh are they great. They’re so pillowy and delicious. It’s so much better than a thin, hard lip. And his booty is to die for. He constantly grabs and smacks my butt. It’s nice to be able to reciprocate. Nothing better than a nice thick man, am I right ladies? But seriously, let’s just appreciate the little things about men that make them attractive other than height and a deep voice or a six pack. Why are the Morrison bathrooms the worst on campus. I swear the janitor for the building works harder than any other, you all have no respect for your facilities. There's always toilet paper, seat protectors, and paper towels littering the floor, the seats are covered in piss, and the water left on in the sinks, with soap dispenser directly into the floor.
Seeing as how hard it is to get a job in music you'd think some of you entitled shits would be more considerate to your future co-workers. I ride my bike to school every day, and I have back to back classes in Cory and VLBS, meaning I have to cycle down the glade at full speed when it's full of dumb pedestrians. It drives me mad when you calculate your trajectory perfectly in order to avoid hitting anyone and some dumbass person thinks you're gonna hit them, changes direction suddenly and almost causes you to hit someone else. Dear pedestrians of Berkeley, it's SO MUCH easier and less stressful to cycle around if you just keep walking in a straight, predictable trajectory. Let us cyclists do our jobs and dodge you. This drives me so mad, sometimes I feel like "Fuck it, I'm just gonna hit this idiot". the international house is not only the best dining hall, but also the one with the cutest servers. I go there like all the time just to flirt with this hot Brazilian guy who works there. I come up with demands like 'oh I cant find a teaspoon, can you help me?' and he always helps me and throws that cute smile at me. The other day he gave me EXTRA MEAT. I think that means he likes me. Gonna ask for his number some time Recently, I haven't been showering before going to bed so my bed kinda smells, but when I brought a girl over this weekend, we did it on my roommate's bed since I didn't want her to smell the stench of my sheets... sorry roommate ily Whenever I'm studying in a library and a stranger nearby just tells me, "Could you please watch my stuff?" I'm always in disbelief ,like holy cow you don't know me yet your trusting me to watch over your computer and other stuff? It's weird. Granted I don't touch their stuff I just sit there with a sense of, "Hey this person trusts you so make sure their stuff is fine because you wouldn't like it if someone did something with your stuff." It actually feels kind of warming to know that people still trust others these days. I just say that because my past has left me with a sense of trust issues. But hell, when they come back I leave and ask them to watch my things because you know...because you trusted me, so I trust you. and also..well for funsies. To the girls who were dancing and I assume making a music video? about that Phineas and Ferb song Gitchy-gitchy-goo, at the Free Speech Cafe. Thank you for showing me that the old classics are not dead and that ya'll are not afraid to try something not often done in a studying space. Truly Inspirational. Watching Professor Dames erase the whiteboards during ME 40 is literally the only reason I still attend lecture. He wipes them so clean and erases ALL of his marks. So clean. So nice. So soothing. I'm still failing that class but watching him erase those boards makes it so worth. To the girl who left some peanuts for the squirrel outside moffitt today, I just wanted to say thanks for warming up my cold heart. I had to take my midterm that night, one I had studied all spring break for. I had done extremely poorly on the first midterm so this midterm was extremely important which ended up giving me a bunch of anxiety. Not even getting a break and the stress made me extremely dead and cynical and tired and my heart felt dead and cold. But the little act of kindness you gave that squirrel warmed my heart, reminding me that there still is beauty and goodness in the world even when the stress and anxiety of Berkeley makes you feel like there isn't any left. So once again, thank you. I’ve had this massive, raging crush for this girl since Spring 2017. She was so stylish and smart in section. And also gorgeous. Then I started seeing her around on her bicycle and causing me to nearly crash into things. Recently, there was a glasnost in her social media, and she put up new facebook pictures. Unparalleled beauty, truly.

But her birthday was yesterday and only seven people—most from her hometown—wished her a happy birthday. It filled me with a terrible sadness and I can’t really explain why. I guess she makes me feel so much with just a glimpse and yet she doesn’t get a second consideration from the world. It won’t mean much, but, from the bottom of my heart, I wish you a happy birthday and a fortunate year ahead! I don't know why people flex that they went abroad and helped a developing nation/community. Like that's nice that you were able to allocate some of your spare time to help out less fortunate folk, but don't assume that everybody else can do it simply because you were privileged enough to have the resources, backing, and upbringing to be able to do it. Check yourself.

To others who go out and help without needing to stroke away their insecurities of self worth and contribution to society, thank you. Hey there's this amazing guy on my soccer team. He's principled and responsible and funny, friendly, and respectful, and most of all he's KIND and he gets me. I lowkey want to raise babies with him but before that I want to drop in front of him and give him a blowjob, unprompted. I've never liked either of those things before, and it's not like we even hang out that much, but he makes me wet af. And he has no idea. I'm lowkey going out of my mind. Yesterday, I found out that I have a REM sleep disorder. A few nights a week, I’ll sleep for three hours, wake up, then fall asleep for another hour, wake up, then fall asleep for another hour, and it goes on and on until I get sick of it and get out of bed. I’m fortunate if I get over 4 hours of sleep a night. Sometimes I’ll get two panic attacks in between sleep too. Usually I’ll dream four times a night and the nightmares are absolutely horrible. Writing about them helps but when I wake up, I don’t remember writing anything, so I’ll have a 6 page google doc on my phone that I legit have no memory of. I don’t think I sleep walk though, but I probably could if I wanted to, I can’t remember anything in between the hours of sleep I get. There are massive gaps in my memory. I couldn’t tell you what I’ve done for the last week, and there are times that my dreams are more real than my actual memories.

Getting to class is so hard and I’ve missed so, so many classes. I was valedictorian at my high school and the thought of not getting A’s or B’s is atrocious to me, but I really can’t get to class. I’m not religious but I’ve bargained and prayed so hard for this to end. I’d give anything to get 6 hours of uninterrupted, dreamless sleep. The GSIs in psych/mcb C61 have been filling in for the professor this week and honestly their lectures have been so much easier to understand. They explain things so well, I felt so much more engaged this week. The professor's lectures aren't bad, they can just be so confusing. I just really appreciate the GSIs for this course, they help make this super complicated material make more sense
 (WHOLESOME WEDNESDAY)

A. SEAN CARIM- BIO1A GSI IS SO AMAZING

B. Mandy B. is exquisite. She remarked wistfully today that she hoped one day to be the subject of a "wholesome" confession, and I want to make her dreams come true. She makes most of her own dreams come true by being tenacious as fuck. I'm so proud of her all the time.

C. i would die for chris hunn!!! he's the literal best

D. Honestly, I think Mia Mirkovic is the cutest girl on campus.

E. Mumu Lin is ridiculously cute and is 110% my type. If you're reading this I think you are so kawaii and you make my heart doki doki. Recently I've been taking Viagra before I study, so all the Blood rushes to my head and I can study more effectively. I would take Viagra before my exams, but sadly my boner pushes up on the desk so I can't effectively work on my test. I was hurrying to a class when I had to cross Hearst Ave, and I saw a huge cement mixer about to drive in front of me. I was halfway between two crossings so I waited for the truck to cross, but while waiting several other people crossed in front of the truck even though ahead of it the light was green. Then I realized the truck driver was motioning me to cross in front of him too, and I thought that was so nice, I love jaywalking. Ever since I came to Berkeley I became obsessed with frat boys. Not just any frat boys, but like the one's who work out a lot and probably take steroids. Their pecs are so big, it just makes their chest SOOOO handsome. I try my best to put on the extra big lashes, but it's hard to grab their attention when all the other abgs have lashes + blonde hair. Short PSA: I get approached / asked for my number at least five+ times a week in normal settings and it usually doesn't faze me or worry me but the situations below are nerve-wrackingly unacceptable.

If your occupation relates to maintaining security for the Berkeley campus, please do not cat-call girls or follow them with your vehicle to ask for their number, especially if you have an accessible weapon. It detracts from the whole and sole purpose of your job which is to ensure the safety of individuals within this institution.

Also, a separate topic but please do not stalk people at the library. Several semesters ago a man would, without fail, sit next to the cubicle I was in every single day. Regardless of where I sat in the library, he always ended up next to me. On occasions where I would be studying late, I would feel pretty anxious that this man would find me and sit next to me when he could have chosen literally any other empty seat in the whole library. And then after months of doing this without ever speaking to me, he wrote me a friendly note and asked for my number and I just told him as nicely as I possibly could that I have had a boyfriend for the last three years.

Today, another guy approached me at the library and I just kind of politely brushed off the fact that he was trying to hit on me. When I went to my seat, mind you three flights of stairs up, he followed me and five minutes later, tried to hit on me again. In assuming the best of people, I am pretty sure he's normally a great guy, but please don't engage in that type of behavior!

Regardless of whether or not your intentions are meant to be good in these situations and regardless of how potentially great your personality is, actions like these honestly make people feel unsafe so please don't do this. Trust me. If a girl is actually interested, she will make it known to you, without you needing to stalk her or make her feel uncomfortable in any way whatsoever. I'm trying to convert people into a religion I made up. The only rules are to be kind to people and to never speak of this religion after knowing its rules. If you obey the rules, you = good. If you disobey the rules, you have to read the rules again until you can be good. If you are inherently not good, you just have to follow the rules until you think you are good. If what you think is good is not socially accepted to be good, either you or society is not good. If you are not good, you have to read the rules again until you are good. If society is not good, then you can either try to make society good or leave it be. Real talk: WHY TF DO CLASSES HOST EXAMS IN HEARST ANNEX A1?!?!?!? This room is so fucking dark and after every 2-3 hour exam I come out with sore eyes because I CAN'T FUCKING SEE MY EXAM PAPERS IN THE DIM LIGHTING >:( Please don't make me strain my smol Asian eyes even more :( I am sitting across from my boyfriend right now and I can't express in words how lucky I feel to be his girlfriend. Every time I look at him, I can imagine spending my entire life with him even though he is my first boyfriend. His response after reading this confession will 100% be "Slow down there buckaroo" because that's just what he likes saying even if he is all gooey inside. Boo if you see this, I love you so much. As a transfer student, I feel like I have a lot of friends in Berkeley since my only real friends in community college were my coworkers. However, I feel like I don't have any close friends here whereas I was very close with most of my coworkers. I guess I just don't know how to become close friends with someone unless I'm stuck in a building with them for 8 hours a day, 5.5 days a week.  i work for bearwalk and i walked this really cute girl back home. i've walked back cute girls before, but i feel like i've really hit it off with this one, even though we only talked about classes and clubs. too bad i can't ask for their number, and too bad she doesn't even know my name . . . it hurts to know that i will probably never see her again . . . It confuses me when companies/firms don't consider ANY Asian Pacific/islander identifying folxs as "diversity". First and foremost, this is not to trigger debate about API folxs not enduring as much grief or disadvantages as other communities of color, but its about understanding the fact that there are API folxs that are disadvantaged, that do not come from "traditional" backgrounds, and are NOT represented equally in the business industry. I'm not talking about East Asians, I'm talking about API minorities, i.e southeast asians, having parents who were literal boat refugees, college students who had to work day and night to make sure they weren't a burden to their family, that they could fulfill their parents's American dream and wishes for opportunity. This is the same for Pilipinx representation in the business industry, why aren't they considered as "diversity", when their history has been devastated by colonialism, and centuries of discrimination. The last note is, can we please stop pitting communities of color against each other? Our country's history has been about pitting communities against each other time and time again, and we need to start recognizing that there is a common trend; and it's not the fact that one community of color is suffering more, its about the fact that we all have unresolved grievances and that we can band together to uplift one another. Two years ago I took physics 112. Big mistake. But about a week before the class started I saw that all the homework solutions from the previous semester were up on bCourses. Of course I quickly downloaded them all. And low and behold they were taken down by the time the class started. So I do perfectly on all the homeworks and I pass the class, but it was still a shitshow. Each homework set still took dozens of hours to do by just following the lengthy and out-of-the-professor's-ass solutions. If I didn't have those homework answers I wouldn't have passed that class and I probably wouldn't have graduated on time. I'm convinced it was divine intervention that I found those solutions. I have zero guilt. My parents were immigrants from Yugoslavia during the huge political and militaristic turmoil there during the 90s. Of course, being Slavs, they are white (although, my dad has passed as generically "Middle Eastern" many times). Yet, esp. people here in the Bay Area, when they see me and haven't heard my background, assume that I'm from some privileged, uncultured, old money background, just because I'm white. Is that ok? I've never really felt "white," nor like I could relate with that, such as not being able to handle spicy food (have you had Balkan food? It's delicious, unique, VERY underrated, and sometimes hot spicy too), enjoying rock & roll, going out for baseball, having parents who coddled you, having racist old family members, etc. My parents were poor as fuck when they came here, and they have always pushed me and been very strict regarding my academics/grades, who I hang out with, etc., and I was raised around Bosnian culture and heritage my whole life. Yet, I still hear people say things or see comments like, "You're lucky that your parents were white" or "You'll never know what it feels like to be underrepresented," and just assume that my family is like any other white American family. While this sometimes changes when I clarify my background, many times, this is followed by skepticism, almost as if that doesn't negate how my parents are still technically white.

I know that I don't face true *instuitional* racism, just extreme ignorance (often racially-based though) and *maybe* racism if they assume that my family is from the Middle East or whatever. But I'm just thinking that race isn't nearly the only thing that determines one's culture, experience, or socioeconomic status. I want flowers, but I don’t want to tell someone to buy me flowers. Because then they will buy flowers because I told them to buy me flowers. And I want them to buy me flowers because they want to buy me flowers.

PSA: date someone who will buy you flowers because they want to buy you flowers I was walking passed the campanile the other day and saw this couple dancing in the courtyard area. they were not that good (I could tell the girl did not know what she was doing) but they seemed so happy and in love. He was doing some spins and stuffs and she was laughing along trying to keep up, my heart is warmed I am envious of my cousin. We both are the only child and we have similar family backgrounds, but he gets all his parents' attention and tons of tutoring for him to get the best education he could K-12 and college, while I have to beg my parents for tutoring tuitions (and had to show significant improvement of my grades or otherwise got scolded), and attention? -- I got more attention from my academic advisor than from my parents. Besides that, I had to pay back my parents my undergrad tuition, while none of my only-child cousins had to, despite the fact that my tuition was the cheapest among them all. All of these eventually led to depression and general anxiety disorder which I am still fighting against. What eventually got me writing this confession was that one of this cousin's parents asked me today about how I file my tax, so that she can file for him and thus he can spend the time and energy elsewhere. It is so tempting to think that, all the reason why I have been treated this way is because I am female, and my only saving grace is that I am the only child: or otherwise I may not even be able to borrow that college money from my parents (after all, they did not charge me interest). People who sit on the outer seat when the inner seat is empty on a packed 51B bus are really displaying their true colors. When my boyfriend and I have sex, all I can think about is him fucking his ex. She’s leagues more conventionally attractive than I am, and even though he’s told reassured me many times that he’s completely over her and that he loves our witty banter, I can’t shake the irrational feeling that he finds his ex hotter and he would much rather be fucking her if they weren’t long distance. CW: Rape, Sexual Assault, PTSD, Depression

I was raped when I was ten, and that happened for multiple times throughout three years. I have depression and ptsd that is still affecting my life greatly. It is so frustrating since no one around me can actually understand what is going on, so I don't have a support system when I have flashbacks, nightmares, or get triggered and experience panic attacks. 
Part of me wants a relationship, because I sometimes I really want to have someone to talk to and accept me. But the simplest physical contact (friendly pat on the shoulder) freaks me out. My trusting issues cause me to think that everyone wants something from me. It is so hard to establish the boundaries or to tell people that I am uncomfortable. I just really don't want to blame themselves for my issues. And I am afraid that it might pose burden onto other people because they feel obligated to make me feel better.
Whenever someone shows slight interest in me, I get so scared. I don't feel like I deserve it. I think of myself as a broken, rotten, gross and disgusting human being, and the person that I actually am will freak people out. I know that I cannot get into relationships, because I don't want to spread my negative emotions to other people. I don't think there will be anyone that will accept and understand my true self.
Anyways, if you read through this, thank you so much. Sorry about the negative stuff, I just really need to get it out. When I was a kid I used to steal money from my parent's wallets. A ten here, a twenty there. We're well off enough that I doubt they ever noticed. I didn't really need it for anything tbh, I just liked getting away with things. This also manifested in me shoplifting for thrills or when I just wanted something small and the lines were too long, but that's a different story.

Anyway, eventually I had accumulated ~$200, and realized I needed to figure out a way to have 'found' it so I could actually spend it on [insert gadget I don't remember here]. We live close to a major road, so one day I walked the dog around, and claimed to have found it in the bike path. It's busy enough that it would've been impossible to find the original owner unless they come forward somehow, as asking about it would've 100% led to false claims.

So my parents eventually let me keep it.

Stopped stealing from there then since I felt like there's no way they could buy that lie more than once, but the shoplifting continues to this day when the item is small enough and the line long enough. I can definitely afford it, I'm just a lazy piece of shit and fuck big stores anyway amirite Okay, so I was talking with a group of friends and one of the girls asked the guys if we "even use the zipper" when we're peeing. And BOTH of the other guys there were like "No, lol, we never use that shit. We don't even use the flap in boxers." And I've never been more shook to my core. Literally every time I piss I'm using the flap and the zipper. Is that wrong? Am I against the norm? Is my entire life a lie? If some guys out there could please confirm that you do use the zipper, it'd make my whole life miles better. Thank you. The hardest thing about watching your ex move on is knowing that they're creating memories, becoming happy again, and getting their shit together... all without including you in it. Not having my phone randomly buzz with texts about their day. Not being able to talk to them about my day anymore. I know I gotta stop self-loathing and get on with my own life, but... shit it hurts. I love my girlfriend, but she isn’t as hot as my ex. I keep telling her that I’m over my ex and that I care about more than just good looks, but I don’t want to lie to her and tell her that she’s hotter when she’s not. The truth would crush her. Studying at Berkeley next year. How do you guys jerk off when you have roommates? Grade deflation is not my biggest concern, this is. Honestly I’m not a huge fan of the new rules regarding submissions for UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens. The group has become a lot stricter with regards to content (banning posts that are taken from other sources or took two seconds to look up and share) and I think it’s had a negative impact on quality. I know that these rules were similar before but I feel like they weren’t as strictly enforced. There are a few reasons why I feel this way:

*As someone who has frequently created original content memes, I think it’s underappreciated how difficult it is to actually make meme. This will sound like satire, but it takes time to come up with your own idea (that hasn’t been used countless times already). Then you need to write captions, find pictures, add transparent backgrounds to images and drag them around, etc. You can’t do this in an instant, especially if you’re not familiar with meme-making or graphic design. And finding an idea or spark for the meme can take countless hours of passing, and this doesn’t always come whenever you want it. Since the break, submissions have been down significantly and I think it’s because of the new OC rules. Less people are going to be interested in submitting if you have to sacrifice studying time to make memes, and this disengages people.

*Banning non-OC content actually hurts OC creators more than it helps. Internet communities thrive off of being active and engaging (for example seeing tons of people like and comment on memes throughout your Facebook feed). My feed used to be full of people tagging their friends. But when the number of published posts decreases, you see less of this overall and you become less engaged. When you’re engaged and interested you spend more looking at the memes overall (the OC and non-OC). When you’re less interested you spend less time thinking about them and less people will appreciate the OC that others worked so hard to create. Having more memes overall supports both the OC and non-OC content.

*I think this is going against the goals of a meme group. Of the 190K members in the group I can guarantee that at least 90% didn’t join the group because they wanted to see only OC memes and no reposts. People like UCBMFET because we’re college students, we’re stressed and depressed, and we want an easy way to find memes that are relatable and we can laugh at with our friends. The most liked post on this page (31K) is about getting rejected from a internship (“thank you for applying”), with a reposted video of a kid crying his eyes out, and it was about generic college problems AND didn’t have a Cal logo. What’s the harm in sharing a meme you found on reddit if it makes a few more people’s day brighter? Similarly, I don’t think that non-Berkeley related or “generic college student problems” memes should be discouraged, because they make people laugh they’re a core part of the experience for us (especially the majority of the group members who aren’t Cal students). And I think that reposts are being unfairly targeted too, because if something was funny before it will still be funny again when it appears on your timeline.

I feel like loosening the content requirements would help the group a lot. Personally I think there should be no restrictions on non-original or reposted content. If that’s not possible, maybe this could include allowing all OC, even if the content is unfunny or related to generic college problems. This will help support anyone who puts in the effort to make OC, including the people that would normally get discouraged because their OC got rejected. Or possibly sharing old posts from the group to bring them back to attention. I just hope to one day see UCBMFET return to its former glory. I’m like 20, why the hell does my back hurt I love seeing all the new admits touring campus around this time of year. Everything is so new to them and they know they’re lucky to be here. It would go a long way if we all remembered how it was be like that. Being single is cool until my small veiny throbbing brown cock gets rock solid and lusts for tight wet juicy pussy lips to engulf it. I've pretty much accepted the fact that if nothing else happens, I'll likely die before the age of 70 due to heart related issues. My parents are super big into keeping track of our ancestry and through this I know that too many of my relatives on both sides of my family succumbed to heart issues at relatively young ages (including some close relatives). I'm really lucky that my parents haven't shown any sign of heart problems, but its matter of "when" rather than "if". I come from a pretty small cultural group so I'm pretty much screwed thanks to genetics. Heart disease never gets the same rep as more "honorable" diseases like cancer - cancer patients are "battling" it while heart disease patients are "obese", "lazy", or "could have avoided it with a healthy lifestyle". But death is death. I don’t even go to this school but I’m glad I don’t. I’m a freshman in college right now in a private school in the Midwest and I could not imagine going to Cal. Pretty much half my family went here and there was huge pressure to apply. Thank god I got waitlisted. After seeing the meme page and the confession page, this school is so depressing. I got accepted to the school I’m going to now and was instantly relieved that I could go to a school with a more welcoming culture. For everyone suffering at Berkeley, please take a minute and reflect on your time there. In a few years you won’t think of all the bad times, you’ll think of all the parties, the hang outs, and the spontaneous adventures. I hope the best for all of you! Go Bears! (Always will root for you guys even though I’m at my own school) I keep lying to my friends about not hooking up with my (ex?) fuck buddy. He's hurt me and disrespected me countless times but sometimes a girl just needs some easy, good, dependable dick. It's tiring to have to flirt with dudes in person at parties or on apps! We were on/off for more than a year and I can honestly say he's the only guy who genuinely makes me cum every time we fuck. Considering we've definitely fucked upwards of 100 times, that's mind blowing to me. He can always get it up easy and is honestly huge too. Plus his oral/fingering skills are CRAZY. It kinda sucks that he's honestly a bigger dick personality wise than his actual dick (which is seriously saying something). Anyways, something that was kinda "the last straw" went down a bit ago and everyone told me to stop for good. But I can't. The dick is so good and I feel like I'm honestly in a better place now where I'm getting to be okay with him using me. Because I get something out of it too that other guys can't really do for me. I just wish he'd stop treating me as replaceable because tbh I know I'm just as good in bed as he is. Fellas, if you're reading this, remember to treat even your "casual" girls with some respect. If you don't wanna walk them home, at least like Uber her back or something or let her sleep over if you're cool with that? And even like 2 minutes of cuddling after really rough sex is appreciated. I'm not saying you have to date her or anything but we're not sex dolls and we should be treated with some respect. Us girls risk pregnancy and STDs to bang your sorry asses, not to mention dealing with side effects from birth control. Anyways I know this dude will never take me on a real date, and no one else probably ever will, but I can't let go of him. So I guess we'll just use each other and I'll keep lying to everyone that I'm fine. CW: Abuse

My girlfriend’s father is abusive. I’ve always suspected but it was confirmed when she went home last weekend and cried to me on the phone telling me about it. Her father hasn’t been physically abusive (yet), but he’ll constantly degrade and yell at her, and throw plates against the wall and other things. I’m scared for her personal safety, but she reassured me he’d never hurt her. Still, I found out this has been going on her whole life. He’s gone to AA, anger management, and all these other programs and still hasn’t changed. We’re both seniors and I’m trying to get her to cut him off unless he changes, but she blew up at me and told me she would never. I understand that perhaps for financial reasons she can’t, but she refuses to even entertain the thought after graduation and well beyond that. Am I overstepping my bounds? I get that’s he’s family and everything, but I just don’t think his consistent abusive behavior is excusable. Let me just start by saying that I love my boyfriend a lot. But we have some issues. He keeps claiming that he's unattractive (I've never said this to him, he just acknowledges this himself despite the fact that I deny it) and that because of this, I can't cum during sex. However, he claims that this is my fault because I should be attracted to him regardless of whether I find him attractive or not... See the contradiction here? I don't know why I can't cum but I think it's because I feel so pressured to do so because he keeps bringing it up. I can do it easily on my own. What do I do fellas? When I see all these couples around campus I used to get kinda jealous but now I've accepted my fate. It's only my first year but I know if I ever end up with someone it will be probably out of mutual fear of dying alone. I legit don't know how to make meaningful connections so I've given up, even before I tried. I was slowly making progress, climbing up some sort of social ladder but I arrived here and just fell off. The only way to describe my love life now is like how they described the 2016 Jeb Bush campaign: "IT WILL NEVER HAPPEN!" So my friend keeps complementing herself... the other day she said that she had beautiful eyes.... okay? Sometimes she'll even criticize herself and wait for others around her to tell her that she's actually really cute? I don't understand why she keeps digging for complements... Girl are you so self absorbed that you need to keep telling yourself that you're cute? Or are you just insecure? Please stop, it's annoying. When I see girls lifting at the gym I always think there's this unspoken camaraderie. So many strong females kicking ass everyday. I see you. I am proud. -- from a girl who also likes gainz so my boyfriend is obsessed with squirting and legit only gets turned on when I do squirt. Is this normal? Just wondering if other people have this fetish...it's not like I mind squirting for him but it gets to the point where the bed is soaked and we have to wash the sheets like everyday...(ps do other girls squirt alot...or is it just me.-.?) To all of the sick people in Moffitt: HOLY FUCK COVER YOUR MOUTHS WHEN YOU COUGH!!! It's not that hard! I do not need to feel a gush of air and your fucking germ infested particles flying into my face when you cough, just because you decided to cough with your tongue out like a fucking two year old. for the love of god, berkeley is hard enough as it is, we don't need the plague on top of all of that. This weekend I got my ass rammed by my Lyft driver in the back seat of his car, who then drove me to my dick appointment. My dick appointment was the one who called and payed for my Lyft. Every time I see a couple of floormates in my dorm, my mind immediately says, "oh, it's that shitter". I can't help not thinking it. These people are in the bathroom 90% of the time I see them and that's not an exaggeration. They also don't talk to other floormates, possibly out of embarrassment from always shitting. But since they never talk, my mind always calls them "the shitters". It's so intriguing that some people spend so much time on the toilet. I got romantically involved with a teacher at my community college before I transferred (fall of 2018). the relationship ended sourly towards the end of last semester. it’s been difficult to be academically motivated since, considering that while she came to play a specific role in my life, she was also the person that served as my mentor - provided me with countless learning experiences, coached me through the transfer process, always chose to see the best in me and believed in me even when I didn’t. I had no direction in life before she took me under her wing, and now that she’s gone I feel like I’ve lost all bearing. I’m doing somewhat better for myself at this stage but I still feel like it’s all going to crash and burn at the end of the semester.

tl;dr don’t fall in love with your heroes/don’t date your teacher My roommate must trust and be very comfortable around me, because he always leaves his wallet sitting on his desk in our room. Since he seems to go out to eat a lot, he also carries around a lot of cash with him (read this: probably around $40 on average when I check). But wait.. "when I check"? Yup. Maybe once every two weeks, if I see that he has $50+ dollars in his wallet at the moment, I'll quietly and sneakily steal a $10 or $20. So far he hasn't noticed because I've done it very gradually, and I've procured a little over $200 of his money since I started living with him the beginning of last semester. With it, I can buy boba, go out to eat, etc. while spending HIS money and not feeling guilty about it, and I'll never get caught 🙂

The great thing about this is that he'll never suspect that I did it, even if he noticed. He's just too stupid, overloaded with work, and disorganized to care or notice 😛 He has a job too, and considering how low-effort his job is, it's not like he deserves the money he makes. #eattherich I feel so flattered when someone says “bless you” after I sneeze. Unless they’re ugly. Like if you’re below a 6, please keep your desperate “bless yous” to yourself. I just want to throw a baseball as far as I can. I haven't done so in awhile and I just love the feeling it brings me. Baseball used to be my passion when I was younger and long-throw, playing catch really far apart, cemented the sort of empowerment I felt from the sport. It felt like I could soar as high as the ball and that if my arm could get it to new heights, what's stopping myself from doing the same? I’m worried about what’s going to happen to me and my boyfriend after we graduate. We met here at Cal and have been dating for more than a year. We’re very happy but I’m scared that once we have to do long distance things between us will fall apart. Don’t get me wrong, I love him more than anyone in the entire world, but I know long distance takes a toll on things. I want so badly to marry this man and spend the rest of my life with him but I’m scared it just won’t happen. My anxieties are already getting in the way of things now. I feel myself clinging to him because we only have so much time left together. But some days I feel myself trying to mentally detach in the hopes that this will make moving away from each other easier. I don’t know what to do and it’s making very sad during what should be a happy time for both of us. Why am I attracted to all the white men in the Haas consulting clubs It is so hard when almost nobody around you understands what it means to have a toxic family relationship. My family does not want me. I grew up attempting so hard to reach their impossibly high standards to feel worthy of attention and love. Breaking away from them finally let me have a breath of air and a chance to be who I really am, however then I get all these judgements from people saying how ungrateful and horrible I am. So in an effort to fix things, I go back to my family and go through the same nightmare of being dumped and deciding to start over without them. I really don't want to blame this on my friends or anyone. But if I did not change my mind every time they approach me with the assumption of "I'm sure your parents would not do that to you", I shouldn't be stuck in this loop and be so unhappy right now. I don’t enjoy sex (vaginal penetration). I’ve been in a relationship with my boyfriend for over a year and I lost my virginity to him. When we first did it, I was like okay this is a bit painful but it’ll feel good soon and it never did. It’s not painful anymore, but when he goes inside me I don’t feel anything just discomfort really and he has a big dick. It feels like putting your finger inside your ear - you can feel it, but it’s not necessarily pleasurable. I feel like I’m cursed and It’s not that i am asexual. I really enjoy oral, but penetration does nothing for me. Also, I haven’t told my boyfriend and I don’t plan on telling him. We have sex like 6 times a week and most of the time I’m just looking forward to him finishing so I can go to sleep. He’s the only man that I’ve had sex with and I don’t think he’s the reason I don’t feel anything. I love him so much so I am able to endure pleasureless sex but it really does suck. You know, I never really considered myself a person of religion.

And yet, here I am: five minutes before my Chem 3A midterm, praying to God that he grants mercy upon my grade. It's so ironic how many of us identify as leftists, but play the game like a conservative wet dream. Most of us will end up working for a big corporation, we're disproportionately privileged, we'll live in gentrified neighborhoods, our kids will go to schools with very particular demographics, and we'll drive fancy cars and consume enough food for a village in Africa.

Maybe it's for the best. Maybe actually being a leftist is a little idealistic to actually do. how do you tell your roommate that he is bad at waking up

(for reference he snoozed 36 times this morning 🙄🙄) Has capitalism ruined our relationships?

Through mass production, capitalism has produced an abundance of goods and unprecedented amounts of wealth for people. Because of this abundance, it is easier to acquire things than ever before, because they're cheaper to buy. The simplicity of purchasing something, due to its affordability, also makes it easier to gratify our momentary desires. Once we get that thing we saw in the advertisement, we spend some time with it. After a while, perhaps it breaks or it no longer brings us satisfaction, we can always return it, throw it away, or just forget about it and add it to our collection of myriad things. Perhaps we replace the original, exchange it for something new, or buy something new altogether. And the cycle repeats.

Before capitalism, a work of art required exceptional skill, time, energy, and thus was very expensive. We couldn't buy all the art that impressed us because of the high price they each had attached to them. We had to pause, reflect, and decide before making our selection before committing to the right choice.

Thanks to mass reproduction though, it is easier to make replicas of art, diminishing the uniqueness the craft it once had. Since we live in the age of consumer demand, art has become conventional, predictable and cheap. We don't care to take the time to fully appreciate an artworks complexity, aesthetic beauty, or care to have a profound connection with it. All we have to do is look at its surface features, and if we can afford it (which shouldn't be a problem since it is of lower value) we get it right in the moment. Maybe we share with others our acquisition of our new product, perhaps keep it in our house for a while. Then when we get bored of it, we'll either start to ignore it (to the point it that it might as well not exist), sell it, donate it, or trash it.

Similarly, when we become infatuation with someone we see, we can sleep with them maybe hangout with them for a while; but once we lose that spark, we can end the relationship on our own terms just by cheating or ghosting them. But no worries; apparently it's easy for us to move on and find new "love," because technology has made easier to replace our partners. All it takes is scroll through some ads - “profiles” - and either swiping left or swiping right.

We no longer care to take the time to understand and appreciate another human being like a work of art. We’ve marketed ourselves as fungible commodities, things that are able to replace or be replaced by just another identical item that is mutually interchangeable. This is romance in the West. Every time I differentiate cos(x) I always feel like cosine thinks it's better than sin(x) because it gets to put a negative in front as if sine is worse is it snakey of me to actively date Princeton/Harvard/Stanford bois so my future children can have legacy to those schools?? 👀 My youngest brother is a drug addict and I don’t know what to do. Apparently this has been going on for almost a year and I only just recently found out. Coming from a pretty large family, we’re all pretty spread out which leaves him and my mom at home for most of the week while my dad works in the city during the workweek and commutes back home on the weekends. My parents are immigrants and my mom is only now becoming more educated on mental illness and substance abuse while my dad has no idea and doesn’t even comprehend the idea that a teenager could have depression. I know my family has been through a lot in the past few years which probably led to my youngest brother turning to some pretty hard drugs (meth, coke, fentanyl, etc.) but I’m still pretty uneducated on the topic. I feel guilty everyday being here at Cal trying to accomplish my goals when I know my mom is struggling with my brother at home and he’s not getting the treatment that could really help him because my family is pretty poor and in a lot of debt. I just worry everyday that I’m going to wake up to a phone call from one of my older brothers or my mom saying that my youngest brother has passed away due to an overdose. Only a few of my friends know about this but its hard for them to help because none of them have had to deal with any siblings or friends who suffer from this. Sometimes I wonder if I should withdraw from school to help him with this, but would I even be of any help? My high school was so fucking stressful that it high key prepared me for Berkeley. I've never had a pop quiz at Berkeley where you had 5 minutes to do 5 problems and if you didn't do all 5 questions exactly right, you get a 0 on the quiz. Nor, have I had a teacher here who does "hunger games" with peer reviewing essays: for every mistake you find on another student's paper, you get a point and they lose a point (and vice versa), basically incentivizing us to go ultra cutthroat and find any flaw possible (hell you could even go into the negatives). Like here, I can focus more on learning, instead of focusing on 1/10% being the deciding factor between an A- and a B+ because I need to get into college. Sometimes when I'm lonely, I do reminisce about high school, because I did have many good memories (I did have good teachers and good friends). However, once I had a dream that I was back in MSJHS...and boy was I glad when I finally woke up. To anyone still stuck in that place: it gets better, holy fuck does it get better (and I say this knowing that Berkeley is pretty much the worst it can get), hang in there :) A. Today in a midterm two guys sitting behind me just kept mumbling through the whole exam. Like they were literally mumbling to each other constantly. I got really pissed; I wanted to just turn around and yell and them but I did not want to make it a scene. So right after the exam, I send a email to the prof and gsi. 
I don't think I did anything wrong. If they were just passing each other notes or showing each other their exam papers without disturbing me, I wouldn't say anything. But I have sensitive hearing and hearing people mumbling behind me just got me crazy! 
I am still waiting for the prof and gsi to respond me, honestly I am not sure if they will.

B. I wrote a confession about students sitting behind me mumbling through the midterm. I said I wrote a email to the prof and gsi about it. Guess what, they did not respond, so I went to the prof today. He told me there is nothing they can do cuz there is no proof. 
So for those who are worried about your final, you don't have to anymore, cuz all you gotta do is to sit in the back seat, next to your friends, and exchanging answers and you won't be punished. Good luck. [Berkeley is such a nice place to study cuz you can cheat all the way. ] During our relationship, my ex talked about how their prior girlfriend used to be overly emotional and how that had made them insecure during our relationship. Now that we're broken up, and actually having met his ex in person, I feel a really weird solidarity towards her. During our relationship I tried not to badmouth her, but after listening about what she had done to him, I just got really, really upset at her and once said something pretty nasty about her (I'm pretty sure I said I would punch her yikes). But now, after having met her (during our relationship), I think she's a pretty neato cheeto. I'm sorry for only constructing your character via what my ex said to me about you. I think you're very talented, a bit stand-offish, but kind. I was a stupid blind fool in love with my ex to think rationally. One day I want to get coffee with you and talk about photography, because I hear you're really good at it. LADIES, if you're ex (especially if it's a guy not to be sexist or generalize but also it just generally happens more frequently among guys) faults their ex for being too emotional DONT BELIEVE THAT SHIT or at least take it with a grain of salt. I'm sorry, to my exes ex, I think you're really cool, talented, and you deserve happiness. They told me that you haven't had the best luck with guys, and it's ok me neither. I'm really hurt right now. I start crying during lecture, during club meetings, and doing random shit. Instead of this comparing and hating everyone's exes culture, can we just like, idk, validate each other instead. anyways, point it, take THE THINGS THAT UR SO TELLS U abt their ex with a grain of salt, or if they tell you a story that makes them seem like the victim take that with a grain of salt too. MORe grains should be added if 1) you SO identifies as a cis male and the ex identifies as a girl and their problem (as in the problem with the ex) was that they were "too emotional". I thought that my ex was the best person in the word. but now I feel more hurt than ever. No bad feelings to them, but I'm sorry to you for the resentment I felt towards you during our relationship. I thought you were a bad guy but it turns out youre just a human. We all move on, and we'll all be ok. I promise. I just found out that I failed my midterm. Like horrendously, epically failed. And I don't think I feel anything inside. I don't even care anymore. I should be upset, the old me would be crying in the shower, but I just don't feel anymore. Go Bears ! ! The idea of forcing a guy to fuck me is really hot. Not gonna do it, but the thought of having that much power over a guy when girls normally don't just turns me on a lot. On a job application today i was asked how i like to spend my down time and i gave a stereotypical answer “cooking, being outdoors, reading etc” but i just ate a tapioca pudding with my fingers after sitting in my car for 20 minutes and I realized this is the most calm and relaxed I’ve been all semester. This is the real me. This is how I spend my downtime. I can see perfectly into the window of the apartment across from ours and my roommate and I are watching this couple have sex right now... we don't watch but we got curious one time you know?

If by chance the bf sees this, sir you got weak ol dick game and you needa stop letting your girl do all the damn work! Note to self: Moffitt bathrooms are a great place to cry.

I don't even know why I'm crying, or why I'm just so.. I don't know. I want it to be over. I don't even know what "it" is. I'm not motivated to live. Like my big overarching goal in life was to improve the lives of others, yeah. But I can't find the motivation for it. The motivation for anything, really. I feel so inadequate. Academically, physically, intellectually, creatively, as a person. What's funny is that, sometimes, usually, when I don't think about it, I feel whole. I feel like a unique individual going through life at my own pace, and that's ok. Other times, like now, I realize how painfully inadequate I am, like I'm good for nothing, how fricken terrible I am in everything. How I'm being left behind. And why I'm suddenly not ok with it. And I feel so alone. Why do I feel so alone, like no one can help me. Objectively, I have friends. I have a family. But I don't even know why I'm sad. Or how they can help me.

Today, I was in lecture and didn't understand a problem. I asked my friend, who was sitting next to me, and he offered a three word explanation for this problem. Three words was not enough for me to connect the dots. I asked for clarification, and my friend's tone seemed pretty annoyed that I couldn't understand a very simple concept, especially for this question that was very near the beginning of class. It's not his fault I didn't understand -- it's mine. It's not his fault I took his tone so personally -- it's mine. I just wanted to say that it made me feel like shit I guess, and contributed to my feelings of inadequacy. It made me feel like I was unteachable. Like I was annoying. That even though I have friends, I was annoying and a burden when I needed help. And that made me feel like the loneliest person in the world. That I could only turn to myself. But I'm not good enough. Maybe if I was capable of everything, that'd be fine, y'know, I wouldn't have to rely on others. But having my incapable ass try to make myself capable -- I guess a positive word to use would be "independent" -- is so lonely.

I wish I could rely on my friends and family. But I don't want to be a burden. And they could verbally deny it all they want, but I know at the end of the day I am one. Some are ok with it, some are less so (and don't verbalize it).

Today was a bad day I guess. My life really doesn't have anything terrible going on other than feeling shitty about myself. Really a first world problem. If you read this far, thanks for listening to me. I hope your day, night, year, and life go wonderfully. Yikes. I thought I was hot shit in my CS61B lab because finally someone next to me asked me a question that I thought I could help with. Then right after she leaves, I look at the solutions and realize I told her how to do the problem completely wrong. Good luck out there Never had an ex-girlfriend or a break up, but I can’t imagine that shit hurting more than having an ex-best friend. I wish we were still besties, I miss you bro. Berkeley is challenging, overwhelming, difficult, crazy, bothersome and so dumb sometimes. But I don’t hate it, I love it. Everyone else can eat a rotten egg. I respect some other people, but we’re the best. Go Bears. This is an unapologetic late night romantic, in-my-feelings confession. I fell for someone. Fell for them hard, harder than I’ve ever fallen for anyone before. I have had to rethink what romance means to me. That hard. You hit me like a freight train and I haven’t been able to look anywhere else since. You’re an astounding person and you always leave me confused. I’ve struggled with relationships in the past. I’d categorize myself as a heartbreaker. So I don’t care if this works out or not. I want to understand these feelings and I don’t want to hurt you. The future is what it will become, but I can’t win this one. I can’t. I can only wait and lose myself to you. So if you’re out there and you feel the same way, do what you want. I’ll just be here, waiting, trying to stay out of your way. Here’s to hope and love and tomorrow. I don't know what the hell is happening over in ASUCland, and at this point, I'm too afraid to ask. Dear dumbass who discharged his gun on Durant,

Do you remember what happened that night? Do you remember what you were arguing about? Do you remember yelling at people to “not touch you” while shoving them to the ground? Do you remember your friends trying to push you into the car? Do you even remember how you could’ve KILLED someone?

Fuck you and fuck your dumbass friends who are protecting you by not telling the police what you did. Someone could have died because of your stupidity. And the worst part is, you probably won’t face any real repercussions other than puking and a headache. Maybe you’ll feel remorseful for a week. Maybe even a month or two. Then the guilt will wear off, you'll drink heavily, you’ll still have access to a gun, and you might actually land a bullet in someone. Fuck you.

I hope your friends come to their senses and make sure you have actual consequences so you won’t ever forget what you did. Or I hope to see you on campus. I’ll recognize you on sight. Ive always felt that this school is so obsessed with race and ive just never felt comfortable to talk about it. Im a hispanic student and i just feel so much pressure from people to join some latinx organization or something similar. I know people who stray away from certain frats/classes/clubs just because they are white. People can openly insult white people without consquence. I just feel like everyone is so desperate to be a victim and let their race define them. Pls lemme just be a student! I happen to be hispanic but it makes up little to none of my identity. (WHOLESOME WEDNESDAYS)

A. Kaitlin Weinstein is the cutest most wholesome person I have met here and I am incredibly fond of how kind and awkwardly funny she is.

B. Michael the gsi for 135 is really cute and i wish i met him not as a student because i feel like we would have really hit it off.

C. Jillian Perez makes me smile whenever I see her. She's a gem, and I hope everyone realizes that.

D. how the hell is Edward Im so fcking cute AND smart enough to be a TA for cs70 its not fair... teach me ur ways and pls tell me ur into guys lol

E. Harsimran Bhandal is a cutie. I already know he's gonna be very successful in whatever he decides to do in life. All these high school seniors touring campus make me feel like a zoo animal as if I'm part of the display for them to check out. I just wanna study at Doe without a high schooler coming in every 10 minutes to look wide eyed at the students studying I am a durian fanatic. My close friend wanted to try some in class last semester so I gave them a small chinese candy of durian. Sadly, I did not understand how pungent the smell would be. Eventually, some white people complained about a gas smell so the class evacuated, and was canceled. My partner and I are looking for public spaces on campus to have sex, because my roommate also is in love with him and I can’t let them see us together. Also, my partner’s afraid of committing to me, and I want to jazz up our sex life so theyre ready to. They’re MET so they also have some weird kinks; onetime we fucked to Denero’s lecture in Kresge and recently I get really turned on in the Haas Library . What are some good places to get freaky in public around here? There is a girl in one of my classes who had a nice smile, was always happy and seemed like a kind person - skipping to the point, I had a crush on this person. Until I overheard her trash-talking some of her professors and then her parents. I don't think my respect for this person will ever increase again and I now have to feign friendliness towards this person for the rest of this semester. Sometimes I get overwhelmed with the realization that I will never be loved. In Middle School, I was the awkward chubby kid who was weird and didn’t have the most amount of friends, and so I didn’t expect anything then. After puberty hit me in High School and I started working out more, a part of me expected to get into some sort of high school relationship. My self confidence was high, there were mediocrely attractive people all around me (for the standard of a 16 year old). I thought that I would have a chance. I was severely mistaken, with every single one of my crushes being weirded out upon the realization that I was interested in them. While it did kill my psyche, I thought that getting to college would do something. In my mind, I thought high school people were just immature, and the college environment would allow me to get to know people better and vice versa. In my mind, I thought that I was just being unappreciated in high school. I was so wrong. College was the exact same as high school, and only just furthered my realization that I would die alone. I realized I was nowhere near as attractive as these people who were in relationships were. I started thinking that there was a serious problem with me. My first year, I tried changing everything I could about myself, because I though that’s what would help me find a partner. I changed my clothes, my hair, I lost fifteen pounds. I had a solid amount of close friends too, and I just couldn’t realize what was wrong with me that allowed me to have platonic relationships, and not romantic ones. Even after changing so many things about myself, nothing worked. Now my third year is coming to a close, but to no avail. At this point, I’ve just kind of given up. I feel like I’m just not the type of person who will never be loved, romantically. Is it weird that I always walk around campus, looking for people that are alone? I always want to approach people, but then I convince myself that they probably don't want to be approached. My first semesters consisted of me sitting alone on campus benches, wishing someone else would join me for lunch or study. Not sure why I thought anyone would since everyone is busy and most aren't looking to make friends. Anyways, I like to spread happy vibes and don't want anyone to experience what I did. I recently told my counselor about this; she was very happy about my mindset. I always see people together, laughing, and I visualize myself in their position. It makes me happy to see others happy. What excites me is the possibility of having a close friend one day. Hope this gets posted. I had an epiffany while I was high like I usually do a few days ago. I saw a video of an elderly homeless man being dragged by some stranger and then he proceeded to be beat up by a group of three guys. A lot of people in the comments said he deserved it because anyone should respect the elder's. I realized why everyone should.

I realized how it must feel to be an older person with less time left. And then I thought about my grandpa. I have to spend more time with him. I only got the chance to grow up with two grandparents but my grandma was not very in state and we weren't close. I now think about how lonely my grandpa is and I hope we can get closer again because he is all by himself.

For anyone out there who feels the same way let's be as nice as we can to them. Support them, text them, hang out with them, sleep over, etc. Make their lives great so we can have good ones too. Go Bears All my life I was never able to make lasting friendships. All the friends I have are merely small talk friends, simply because I cannot hold a conversation. Sometimes people will not even approach me. I think its because I’m so fat and short and ugly. People would rather talk to pretty, tall, and skinny people. Survival of the fittest I suppose. I was hoping that by coming to Berkeley, I could make new friends, but here also I can’t make any. No one wants to room with me next year, no one invites me anywhere nor accepts my invites, no one willingly comes up to me and says anything more than hi and how are you. Why has it been like this all my life. I don’t even know what to do anymore. I wish there were classes to teach me how to make friendships stronger. Because I don’t know how. Just need my insides marinated by a really big spatula dick. I don't think this will get posted, but at this point, I don't know where else to turn. I cannot espouse these ideas to anyone because I fear the repercussions and cannot explain the context adequately.

I am a male and I have done some pretty terrible things in my past. Whenever the issue of gender relations comes up, I am forced to consider whether my opinions - which generally are defensive of men - are the result of my own rationality or if they are a defense put up to protect my ego. At various points, I have certainly come to the conclusion that it 'has' or 'has not' been an ego-response. In other words, I am forced to consider this every single time because the answer has been both at different points regarding different specifics.

"Liking men is an ancient blood-curse." 
"Fuck retarded societal "unacceptable" bullshit - do what you want. Also you can easily get away with it because it's "white" guys you don't want to date - any other race and you'd be called racist." 
"It's good to know that men everywhere are terrible."

But it's pretty easy to call this misandry. People are against men categorically and I judge these comments to also imply a certain unchangability to this idea. I would expect to find "it's good to know that ____ everywhere are terrible" on r/incels, not facebook. I think it's right that men have lost the moral high ground, because they 'have' been oppressive in the past. But this is clearly repeating the same mistakes. Okay get this:
My boyfriend messaged me saying he just found out the craziest thing right. I asked him what it was and guess what this guy said. He said that he just watched a porn video of this girl he used to talk to and how first he didn't recognize her but felt she was familiar and then it came to him that it was her.

Like WHAT THE FUCK, HOW AM I EVEN SUPPOSED TO FEEL ABOUT THAT. I thought he was gonna show me a video of a dog riding or horse or some shit. But no, he tells me he watched a video of this girl he used to be close to get fucked. How is that supposed to make me feel? What went through his mind and made him think "Yeah she totally wants to know that" I dont even know how to feel about it, I just played it off by saying oh that's weird but wtf I feel so hurt and betrayed? Like why would he continue watching?? you know her, she was close to you, and you watched it?? What ho, my pretty ones!
Tonight I shall embark upon an act of mischief in a manner most cunning. For you see, the devious act has not yet been committed - but by the time the esteemed Mr. Hill will have approved and posted this to FB, it will be! What is a blueprint for my sinister plans as I type it now shall become a tearful confession by the time it is posted! I write a check for my own redemption before I have even sinned...

Lo, gaze hither- my roommate slumbers in blessed calm, basking in the sweet refuge of dreams. Beneath his bed , lies the object of my untamed lusts - the last can of beer in the house!
Exploiting this opportunity, I shall claim it as my own. I will empty its divine innards upon my withered, bitter soul that I may know respite from my demons.
And, awaking, if my roommate asks wither it has gone, I shall answer, with a lamb’s innocence, that he must have finished it off in his senseless stupor.

My time is short- and I must to the wicked task! Behold, with this submission, it is made a confession! Broke: Acknowledging that Taiwan is an independent country because you support the ROC government

Joke: Refusing to acknowledge that Taiwan is an independent country because you support the PRC government

Woke: Acknowledging that Taiwan is an independent country because you support the declarative theory of statehood The only reason why I would use bearwalk was because of this one really cute asian bearwalker but I haven't gotten him in months and idk if he still works there and it makes me sadd :(( idk how to explain how he looks like other than that he has a really cute mole under his eye that I just want to boop uwu Major shoutout to all the Uber drivers working on Cal Day. Not only did y'all have to haul our drunk asses around Berkeley, but you had to navigate streets filled with clueless pedestrians who've apparently forgotten how to not get hit by cars on the road. Honestly I don't think I could ever drive around like that without losing my shit. The Uber drivers guys are the fucking real ones I think my boyfriend of over a year and a half broke up with me because I was bitching at him too much. Ladies, please just try not to bitch about the missed holidays, social media appearances, the unmade promises, and the little things your partner does. All the bitching won't be worth it when he is gone and you are all alone. I have never felt more upset about losing somebody ever. I loved him more than I could ever imagine. How is it even possible for one person to make your world so crazy? We should raise the taxes on boba to raise money for diabetics who can't afford insulin. Boba lovers should support this because that sugary garbage they drink is going to eventually give them diabetes too. CW: Attempted Murder

I've orchestrated what will be the eventual death of my high school bully. you can comment but I won't bother reading it. I just wanted to share so people know that sometimes, you have to fight back and kill.

my high school bully was the typical cheerleader type masking behind her niceness towards older people and school faculty a deep hate for peers who were competition. I wasn't even competition, I just loved my books and was always in the library. She apparently loved to belittle me for sport. She would spread rumors about me being sexually abused at home, and other things to emotionally get to me. then she would take my things in my bag at school and pretend they're hers when I saw her using them. She took a water flask of mine and pretended it was hers and kept it and used it to taunt me. She would insult my father by saying he went stupid because my mother kept cheating on him. my father had a stroke that resulted in some brain damage. he's fine, just has short term memory problems. The last straw was her poisoning my dog with rat poison when I brought him to school. My dog is basically my family too so this really hurt me. I know it was her because she left a cap for the container near my dog and started smirking when I was looking around trying to figure out why my dog was suddenly vomiting in copious amounts with blood in it. He's alive but he has permanent neurological problems to this day. This was our last year of high school in 2016.

after not getting any help from school faculty who were all "oh she wouldn't do that, she's a nice kid. where is your proof", I started thinking of ways to get even and it dawned on me how. My mother does research on prions. and in 2016, she brought home 3 vials containing the dried up material that she was taking with her to Bethesda where NIH is. I took one of those vials after asking my mom what they were. my mom thought someone must've bumped into it and knocked it somewhere in the house. She wasn't worried because the vials were durable and wouldn't crack easily and all she needed was one but brought the extra 2 in case.

Anyway, I resuspended the one I took and I brought it to school with me. I decided I needed to get her alone where it was just us. So I picked a fight with her by punching her not too far from a teacher. She punched me back and kicked me. It was alright because the fight was broken up and the teacher sent us to detention. in detention, is where I did it. The same water flask of mine she stole, I dumped the contents of the vial when she was excused for a bathroom break. when she returned, she drank from it and I knew then I condemned her to death.

My bully left for college in 2016 after we all graduated high school but returned home in Spring 2018 because of symptoms doctors couldn't explain and her family was going to start taking her to specialists they could find. She was having slight memory problems and some motor dysfunction of her limbs.

I applied to Cal to get in for Fall 2018 and I did. On the last day before I left home, my mom threw me a party and invited former classmates from high school. Among them was my bully. I decided to get her a gift. After the party, she was one of the last ones to leave. she wanted to apologize to me for stuff she did. Before she had a chance, I said "I got you something!" But before opening it, I asked her to tell me how she was. she explained to me she's hopeful to return to college after specialists hopefully determine why she's having memory problems and some motor dysfunction of her limbs at times. She talked about her dream of going to fashion school and becoming a designer and making a name for herself in fashion. and in the back of my mind, I knew none of that would ever come true for her.

She was getting ready to go and I asked her to open the gift. In it was a water flask. She smiled and asked what's it for. I said it was to replace the one you took from me and that it must've been worn out by now. I then called my dog over. He limped and sat next to me on my right and she was on my left. She had the nerve to ask him how he's doing after putting him in that condition. So she shakily got up to leave and I got up with her and gave her a hug for goodbye. She went home with the flask that had the empty vial in it I had kept for two years.

Now I am here at Cal. When I went home over Spring break, I heard she was in worse condition. I didn't bother visiting. I'm happy where I am in life now and I do not feel guilty for ruining and condemning to death someone who left scars on me as well as my family. I think I have feelings for my roommates girlfriend. Every time she laughs at my joke or says exactly what I’m thinking or blushes I lose a little more of my mind. I feel guilty but can’t help to think that if I had met her first, things would’ve turned out really differently. It doesn’t help that my roommate subtly flexes her in front of me because he think he’s hot shit for getting her. Advice?? Before taking 61c, I was a super confident student and declared CS Major. On the first day of class, Weaver went on a huge profanity laden rant about how mental health was important, then proceeded to say that this class was really difficult. Seeing the class now, I can see why he went on that rant. He is the literally reason that I went from a super confident student to a depressed, anxious, lonely sadboi. Perhaps it was because he felt somewhat responsible for the lives he was about to destroy, or perhaps he wanted to make harder for people to pin liability on him for making them depressed. The workload of this class has been insane, with a homework, lab, and project pretty much every week. In addition to all of this, the lectures are horrible and I never understand anything (slides are terrible too.) I hope Weaver knows that he caused my depression and that I have a ton of mental health problems because of him. so I'm a straight guy, but wow I just watched the new BTS song and HOT DAMN THEY CUTE AF There's this one guy that always eats lunch around 11 in Cafe 3 on the days that I do, and can't help but stare for three reasons: 
1) He's really good-looking. Like REALLY good-looking. 
2) He looks like just like my dad in college. My dad as in my father.
3) The combination of the previous two reasons disturb me.
I know this sounds like some real white people shit, but it's true. It's really annoying because half of me is like "Wow, you're really cute." But then the other half of me is like "Stop. Gross. You look like my dad." Anyways, Cute Cafe 3 Guy, you're really hot, and you look like my dad, and also kind of like human Shrek, but not in a bad way. Human Shrek looks like you. 
Sincerely,
- Someone who might look like one of your future children Ideal SO Checklist:

1) knows your birthday 
2) shows you off on social media
3) supports you
4) asks to hang out equally 
5) cares for you when you’re sick
6) is good at sex
7) asks to sleep with you at night
8) buys you surprise gifts for no reason
9) doesn’t own adidas pants
10) will stay up late for you no matter what
11) texts you good morning/good night

Break up if any number is checked off #ripallrelationships This happened a few weeks ago so I don't actually remember the day it happened. I went to the male restroom in the first floor of MLK, the one facing the bookstore, and sat in the middle stall. There was someone already in the ADA accessible restroom, so I already felt awkward sitting there, and tried to led it all out without making too much noise. The person(sounded like an older man) was making some noises, like if they were talking to themselves, but I couldn't understand them and wasn't really listening. Then a few moments later I saw their shadow moving closer to the wall between my stall and theirs. I didn't think it was a big deal at first,think maybe they were just getting closer to the paper. I looked back at the shadow and realized he was sniffing the wall!!! I was super uncomfortable at that point and decided to cut it short and get ready to leave. THEN THEY DECIDED TO PUT THEIR HAND UNDER THE WALL AND REACH FOR MY LEG!!!!! I yelled and asked them what they were doing and they quickly pulled their hand back. Trying to remain calm and be nice, I asked if they needed toilet paper or something, trying to figure out why they were reaching over, and they just said "no, I'm good". LIKE WHAT???? I was freaking out and didn't even get to ask why they had reached over. I left as fast as I could and it is still something that I can't believe happened. It disgusts me how some Asian-Americans believe Koreans to be better than other types of asians. Like, I get that kpop and kdramas are popular and the hallyu aesthetic is cute and all, but it's actually toxic to think that someone's cooler or more desirable if they're Korean. It's also degrading to Asian-Americans who aren't Korean.

I was talking with some friends who are Chinese, and when talking about a mutual friend who just got a girlfriend, one of them said, "And she's Korean, too!" And everyone in the group was like "~Whoa~! A Korean! How cool, he definitely upgraded!!" (Paraphrased but you get the jist)

Like, what the fuck? I'm Chinese and I'm a fan of BTS. I feel like I used to think this way, but I've been more and more bothered by it since I've noticed it. Why exactly is it so normal now? I don't have anything against Koreans, I just feel like it's dumb to generalize an entire ethnicity by their popular culture, and feel like other types of asians get put down. i think my type might be younger guys. i also like shy guys who are genuinely good people. bonus points if they are smart or cute. but yes, i think my type (younger guys) has been a problem since i'm literally a freshman and there are none.

so i'm looking forward to next year! (inb4 i'm still a lonely girl next year) honestly I want to get gang banged by some dumb white college bros before I leave college. But I am a guy and don't even know how I would find the avenue to get guys to be down :( if anyone has any suggestions lmk I left a joint in a certain location on campus and every couple of days I would check if it was still there. After 3 weeks, someone finally took it! The exhilaration I felt! I wanna meet this person. Did you throw it away? Did you smoke the 3 week old weed? It’s been a week now since it’s disappeared and I think about this everyday. to the guy in my chem discussion!!!!!! i was asking the GSI a question about my worksheet! literally did not ask for ur opinion!! stop telling me you did super well in AP Chem if u did so well why tf r u taking the same basic chem class as I am! did I ask? no! I don’t care! pls finish ur own discussion worksheets n maybe take a bath u smell so bad I was having sex with a girl from Georgia and all I could think about was Old Town Road I’ve walked around campus on LSD twice out of the seven times I’ve tripped. I hated seeing people who were visibly stressed and the culture of toxic work we have here. This led me to realize that, yeah, it is a grind. No matter what major you’re in, you’re gonna have to grind. But that’s what you should take pleasure in. 
Also if anyone is looking for psilocybin shrooms, I picked a small cluster in the eucalyptus grove and got them verified. Happy hunting! CW: Sexual Assault

One of my closest friends was sexually assaulted a while ago. She was very traumatized and her recovery was long. Although she's doing better now, she never wanted to report the assaulter. I understand that this is completely her choice but it makes me so frickin mad to see this man who preys on women walk freely around the campus. He's now even a photographer for a girls' dance team (which I'm very worried about) and is even cofounding a startup. It bothers me to no end that our society is one where garbage like him can assault women and walk freely on campus because his victims are too ashamed to report him. If justice was served, he should be locked up in a cell and registered as a sex offender for the rest of his sad life.

The worst thing is that I realize there must be tens maybe even hundreds of scum like him lurking about on campus waiting to victimize yet another innocent individual.

I want to believe that karma will get him someday but these things make me lose complete faith in the world. I'm in love with one of my sorority sisters and it's killing me every day because even at a place like Cal, Greek life is super shitty about LGBT people in their organizations. I want to be able to tell SOMEONE how I feel about this girl but I can't because nobody in my sorority even knows that I'm a lesbian so I definitely can't talk about my feelings for this girl in particular. Having to see her all the time and knowing that I can't even vent about my feelings to another sister without being outed makes me cry every time I think about it and I just needed to let some people know, even if this is anonymous. I finally realized why couples have the best sex after midterms. Just the feeling of a hard dick penetrating your body, hearing your partner moan and pant out of excitement, and everything that seems typical of sex is so much more rewarding after getting physically exhausted by exams. I can't wait for our hot banging sex, babe. Come home soon. I really don't get when people on Reddit / other sites ask questions like, "should I go to Berkeley or UCSB/C/D?"

How is that even a question? People come from all across the world to come here, and (IMO) it's a top 10 school in the world. Especially if you're in-state California, and got into one of the programs that Berkeley is top notch for (which is most of them), how could you turn this down?!

Guess it's not for everyone. Go Bears! I hate finals season! My roommate is working on papers, applications, and a whole bunch of other stuff. I want to be really supportive, but he has not left our room in a week, and I have NOT been able to jack off. Like holy fuck go to the library. You can study there, I can't really do what I need to do anywhere else. To the boy who's book I commented on in Moffitt, I did it just to talk to you. I didn't really care about the material, all I wanted to do was say "Hi" and that was really the only way I could break the social burier that everyone has up at this school... in this world. I just wish I was a little bit braver to go beyond the topic of class and ask you for at least your name. And maybe you have a girlfriend, maybe you didn't find me attractive... I guess I'll never know. I'm sorry I couldn't be a little more brave, but I think you're really cute and I really hope you get an A in that class.

-Someone who would have loved to get to know you more. So there’s this guy I went to high school with. I never talked to him then, I still don’t now, and I’m pretty sure he doesn’t even go to Cal, but every so often, I’ll be walking down Telegraph and he’ll walk past me going the other way. And every time it happens, all I can think about is that time back in high school when he cut one of his own nipples off in the PE locker room. Berkeley goggles是真的，来了一年伯克利，现在看食堂阿姨都觉得眉清目秀 Being a commuter in Berkeley is so frustrating. You pay to have a student parking pass, but until 5pm, you only get access to 5 or 6 garages out of all the different parking lots on campus. And we have to share those lots with faculty / staff. There are tons of lots that are C or F only, so why isn't there a students-only garage? And why do I need access to the parking lots above Memorial Stadium and Foothill anyway?? They're not even close to campus! If I'm late and need to park real quick and run to class, why would I park at either of those?! I don't understand why we can't have more parking options. To make it worse, the school's demolishing the Lower Hearst garage right across campus on north side, so there goes another lot! And they haven't said whether students will get access to another garage in lieu of that one. I know they're building a housing structure but it's not gonna be cheap I'm sure, so I can't even say if that's a good thing. So that means soon we'll have one less lot to park at, and if you're not at school by 9 or 10 am, it's already SO HARD to find a spot in Underhill, Lower Hearst, or Ellsworth. Sometimes traffic is so bad no matter how early you leave, but I should be able to get here at any time and find a spot. Isn't that why I'm paying for a pass? To ensure parking security? Well now with one less place to park it's going to be more of a hassle for those off-days when you can't predict if there'll be worse traffic than normal. I already can't afford housing here and have to commute which is stressful, so I just wish that once I get to campus I wouldn't have to worry about these things. When I was in 5th grade, I smelled my own cum for the first time. Ever since, I knew that it smelled familiar and I could not really pin point it. I had some friends tell me that it smelled like pancake batter but I never bought it. I am currently a freshman and during the fall semester, my roommate brought hella persimmons to the dorm. He and I randomly just tried splitting them in half and when I split the somewhat ripe one, it hit me. It smelled like human cum, at least my cum. I have finally found it. Cum smells like ripe persimmons. Go on and prosper my fellow bears. Go discover why our cum smells so familiar. My AFX directors are the worst unorganized pieces of shit, I don't understand how they ever got to their position. Sure, one of them is a good dancer and the other one is well known, but none of that translates to a good team. AFX needs to do something to weed out these shitty directors because for an organization that flexes that anybody can start dance there, they sure as hell aren't accomodating. Carol Christ looks like a white walker from game of thrones When I see a guy coding or play piano on Sproul, I'm like daaaaaamn what else those fingers do 👀 For the love of god, whoever blowin this girls back out in the Hillegass apartments please cover her mouth out or some shit It’s a Tuesday and I needa be up for work at 7am PLEASE Just to get this off my mind knowing that I can’t talk to anyone about this lest I be outcast from my friends
Here at Cal.

Being in a frat there’s this peer pressure to fit in and do what everyone else is doing. It wouldn’t be a humongous problem if it stopped at drinking and weed. It doesn’t... there are people in positions of power, in at least my fraternity, who coax and pressure other members and pledges to do harder drugs, and the Fraternity does nothing about it. I feel like everyone knows that there is this problem in the fraternities on campus but no one is willing to tell them to cut it out let alone talk about it, not even me... I haven't said a word to anyone in fear that I would be ostracized from my fraternity and I probably never will, but coming from LA I have seen peoples lives ruined by this sh**. I’ve seen it tear apart families, get people deported, kids starving because their dad sold all of their food to get a fix... Maybe it doesn’t hit a lot of the people here because you haven’t seen what cocaine can do to people and what it does to their communities...

I know nothing will change and no one will change their mind because of this post but it feels good just having put this out there! Recently I started going on dates with an awkward but sweet guy. I think we have some chemistry and I enjoy his company, but there’s been something bothering me this whole time. From all our meals at upper-scale restaurants and desserts at cute little shops to the Uber rides to these locations, he pays for everything. The thing is, my last boyfriend took me out on 2 dates over the course of a year and we didn’t even celebrate Valentines Day or our anniversary. I’m not used to this kind of attention, but I enjoy it because I never got it in the past. However, I feel so guilty using his money and I feel even guiltier for enjoying it. I’ve always paid for things in the past with other dates or at least split the bill and I’ve offered to do so with him, but he always in the end pays for everything. I have a GSI who is really into dismantling white privilege, or just privilege in general. He always talks about things being more egalitarian which is fine, I agree. But the other day in section he made a point of giving white students their papers last. He snickered about it too and then wouldn’t even hand it to them, just sort of tossed it down at them. Like ok dude, I see what you’re going for, but you’re just coming a across as a jerk. Just pass out the papers like a normal person. You’re not dismantling anything by giving white kids their papers last. CW: Depression, Suicide

So I’m really writing this. I just need someone to hear. I need to get this out. Maybe this might help some, idk anymore.

I want to kill myself. I’ve had suicidal thoughts for a third of my life, regardless of whether I actually wanted to kill myself or not. Whenever I hit a low though with my mood, they become so intense. I truly believe them and truly want to kill myself. Things just consistently have been getting worse mood wise. I thought getting a therapist and starting meds would finally help. It almost did. I started to stabilize some at the beginning of last year, right as things were getting worse. I was suicidal at least one or two nights a week, and feeling perfectly fine the other days. I thought a new med might help, and it did, at least for a while.

I’ve tried so many medication I’ve honestly lost track. And eventually, this new medication (to be at a functional dosage still) made me so tired I couldn’t do anything (even more tired than depression would already make me feel). On top of that, it didn’t last permanently. I more recently tried a different mood stabilizer and thought it was fine. But for the last month I’ve been spiraling more and more. More of these sudden lows, more of these suicidal moments. And I can’t make it stop.

The funny thing is, I’m doing all the things I’m supposed to be doing. I see a therapist and a psychiatrist. I take my medication. I attempt (to the best of my ability being severely depressed and all) to follow my meal plan, get out of the house, follow basic hygiene, and hang out with people. Things got so bad in the fall last year I even decided to drop courses through DSP and take this semester off to get mental help. And I’ve worked so fucking hard. I came so far at that program, and I was proud of myself for all that I’ve overcome. But the last couple of weeks of the program, this mood stuff started to come back. And I kept telling myself, I just need to get back to Berkeley. My home, life, and friends are here. I can be happy here.

That was just a fucking pipe dream. What friends? The one who implies I’m a burden when I try to vent with them? The one who is too busy with their life to just exist in the same room as me? The one who is still dealing with their own illnesses and grief? The list could go on.

I’ve literally reached out to all my options. Anyone I’ve ever been close to. And one by one, I keep seeing that they aren’t going to be there to help me. Whether it’s that they won’t maintain a conversation, change the subject whenever I mention having a tough day (without even mentioning specifics), or just flat out not make the time for me. And honestly, I shouldn’t be trying to burden people with my issues. I mean, I don’t tell any of them how bad things actually get. I just say that I’m having a low one day, or just struggling some, but I’m alive. How could I ever tell anyone this stuff? Wouldn’t that be such a horrible thing to do? Here all my “friends” are, with their own issues, trying to live their own lives, and I really want to do that? Simply me telling them makes them feel responsible somehow. It puts the burden on them. And none of them want it. None of them can even handle it. I can’t tell anyone unless I feel like I can trust them and that they want to be there for me, and so far the only person I even somewhat felt like I might be able to trust and lean on broke up with me a long-ass time ago. Probably better for them anyways.

I do tell my therapist a lot of this. But not enough to get me hospitalized. Honestly it wouldn’t help even if it happened. Last time I dropped into the ER it took them over 5 hours to even check on me, and by that time I was feeling fine enough where I B.S.’d my way out of there. I know all the skills they teach to help you manage with these thoughts, and I know how to fake like I’m okay. I might even actually feel okay there. But then I’ll come back to the real world and be alone again. And any more treatment at that level of care will fuck up so much of my life. I have so much in place, like an internship this summer, and research that should lead to letters of rec for grad school in the future. I’m actually doing work and taking classes in stuff I’m interested in and could hopefully use to help people in the future. Any further major health issues will destroy my conditional readmittance into Berkeley, cause me to miss my internship and end my research, and basically destroy the future I have set up for myself, giving me even more reason to die, probably without even helping me much (it’s not like there’s a magical cure for depression or suicidality or anything). There are no options left.

Stupidly enough, I reached out to my ex. We were good friends before dating, and there was mention of being friends after. Honestly I have nothing left to lose. I just talked about missing them, reconnecting, wanting to be friends again (as I don’t want to emotionally manipulate them with suicide talk to get them to help me), and they left me on read. Maybe they’ll respond eventually as I did spring this on them all of a sudden and they need time to think, but I doubt it. I am all alone. I am such a horrible, disgusting, selfish, unworthy, burdensome, defective person, and more and more, suicide just feels like the inevitable, like there is no escape. I know I can get through this low if I wanted to. I could keep living. But then I would end up right back here soon enough. I always do. And I can’t stand this. I can’t take it anymore. I’m not strong enough. I know it will hurt people, but I need this to end.

Typing this really helped me vent. Sorry for the long post. If you read to the end, congrats, you are now much more depressed than you were before reading this essay of a post. Idk if I’m going to kill myself. Probably not tonight. Or tomorrow. Or this week even. I kinda want to at least catch Endgame, haha. But I can only see myself coming back here, eventually thinking out my exact plan, writing down the suicide notes I’ve thought through countless times, and I see no hope in sight. But who knows? Tomorrow is a new day. There was a job I really wanted to get so I practiced the interviews again and again. I spent my whole spring break on the interview preparation and I made it to the last round. I sent the followup letter to the hiring managers after the interview with my sample works. I have even throught about how to relocate to the job location and I woke up and found the rejection letter in my mailbox. I don't know what to say but I am so depressed. I still have not found a job for the coming summer. I guess I'm a loser. I'm a girl not in greek life but frat guys get me so hot. I used to be annoyed bc the best, most outgoing, hottest guys usually rush and then it exaggerates the asshole in all of them. There's something about their arrogance and chillness that makes me want them tho. But they barely ever talk to me when I'm out. Frat Boys: What am I doing wrong? How do I get you to talk to me if I'm not in Kappa? Ever since I’ve stopped taking my antidepressants I cum so powerfully that it shakes the rest of my body and I... I almost cry. Like, it really does feel that great! But my psychiatrist says I need to start taking them again. Do I want powerful orgasms or an even balance of serotonin? World shattering releases or feeling substantially less depressed? Decisions, decisions Thank you to the kind soul who returned my $100 bill after it dropped from my bag while I was boarding the bus. I was about to deposit it later today, and I’m so incredibly grateful that there are people like you out there. just a psa: please please please be kind to your premed friends who are applying this cycle at this time. we are all very stressed and depressed and feel like crying 24/7. if we are bad friends at this time it is not on purpose, we are just dying inside. everything is overwhelming and it's hard for people who aren't struggling with this application process to understand why we feel like killing ourselves.
just please, be nice to us and give us lots of hugs and kisses and tell us everything is going to be ok even though we know it won't. it will mean a shitton to us, i swear. It makes me really sad when I see the commenters on this page telling people to just ‘tell it to their faces.’ With a diagnosed anxiety disorder for which I regularly see a psychiatrist and will soon be taking medication for, this page is one of the only outlets I can turn to without feeling absolutely crushed or having a panic attack by talking to a stranger, let alone confronting him/her about something I’m bothered by. I’d much rather run the risk of having that specific person see this post than going up to the individual in real life.

Why? It’s because in the past, when I had actually worked up the courage to confront someone for his rude behavior, I’ve been taken as a joke by all the guys in the room. “Overreacting”, “bitchy”, “emotional”, they called me, all without changing their behavior after I politely asked the guy to please stop talking about women in such a degrading manner, especially in the context of his frat. Another time, I was stalked both on social media and outside of my classes by the guy and his friends I had confronted for a similar reason. I feared for my safety after I found out they followed me home before too. If it’s a girl, I definitely have no problem with a confrontation. But to all the confessions readers out here and past posts I’ve seen with commenters telling the poster to just confront the person, please consider that maybe, just maybe: the poster had an ulterior motive for posting on this *confessions* page. All of these posts are confessions for a reason, and the sad reality is that I’ve noticed that people would much rather follow the advice of comments on the posts of this page as opposed to hearing a girl out in a real life confrontation. Trigger warning: self-harm

I was having a shitty morning and was thinking of smoking a cigarette or two and cutting again after work. But everything turned around when my SO and I made last-minute dinner plans. I just got back from hanging out with them and I feel so much happier.

There are days when my intrusive thoughts get the best of me and remind me that this relationship can blow up at any time. But not tonight. Tonight, I’m just so thankful to have this person in my life to remind me how beautiful life can be. 🖤 to the group of girls near playhouse who asked me if I knew what a chode was called me eyebrows threw a stick at me and called me cute, thank you for making my day interesting I get intense crushes on my TAs/professors, and I don't really know why...they could look like Squidward but I would still wanna smash I made a new guy friend this semester and he doesn't know but seeing him is literally the highlight of my day, every time we have class or study together. I know he doesn't see me like that but I love him so much already, I can't believe someone so genuinely charismatic and sweet and funny exists. I'm so happy we are taking a class together next semester. I know I'm not even one of his best friends yet but I imagine us getting together all the time. I hope I can get over him soon because my heart literally drops every time he touches me or talks about other girls. Nothing beats the feeling of touching my own man boobs. Female breasts can't even stack up to what I have on my chest. When I'm really stressed or anxious I like to hold my boobs. Like boobs are fucking amazing. Any girl who says she doesn't play with her boobs is fucking LYING! I don't get it but they are just so comforting for some reason

idk maybe it's just me or bc I have big ones :) I regularly stalk my boyfriend’s ex. All of her accounts are on public so it’s so easy. He thinks I have no idea who this girl is, but she recently moved to my city. I just like to know that I am doing better in life than her. It’s super shallow but It gives me comfort to think “you’ve upgraded”. Honestly girls who get enough sleep every night is the most attractive thing ever. That's right you go get that mf rest after a long day of studying or whatever 😍 I'm a female, and I'm completely disinterested in relationships right now. Sex is cheap and great, but I cannot fathom why all my friends are tying themselves down. 
I watch them struggle to make their men's lives better for no gain. Like, we are all busy ass college bitches, and ur spending time kissing ass. I get we're the vegan ass eating generation, but he don't make ur life better, queen.
Unless someone is actively going out of their way to make my life better, no,
Just makes my life better, please don't even go out of your way, because I don't want you thinking I owe you shit.
I am on a path straight up out of all my bullshit, and comfy dick is not worth the stress of having a pet project. I'm tired of being a fucking sounding board for every idiot's traumas. Get a fucking therapist. Listen to your mom. Go fuck yourself. 
I need some new single friends, let's fake a threesome, make him do all the work, and prove he can't go all night. Let's destroy a frat boi. So, my boyfriend works as a model on the sideline to get some extra cash, recently when I visited him I noticed that the photographer was inappropriately touching him, near the croch area, and he was doing nothing to stop him.
When I confronted him, he says it's my job and I love doing it.
I am so disturbed right now, I've tried to talk to him, but he always dismisses me and says that it's not a big deal, is there anyone else who's SO happens to be a model? Going through a similar situation. So I recently discovered that eating wasabi in spoonfuls turns me on so much. I'm a little ashamed, but honestly feeling that glorious burning sensation in my throat and on my lips is enough to get me off in a few minutes. I'm a freshman here, and I used to be caught up in all the depression memes and angsty teen stuff. But this week with Cal Day and Dr. Katie Bouman coming to campus really opened my eyes... like seeing all those students promoting their own organizations for hours on a weekend shows that people really care about what they do. They have passions, dreams, and found a community to which they belong to..

And then a bunch of my friends at other schools (both in California and out of state) were in awe and super jealous that the woman who took a picture of the black hole is giving a special lecture here literally one week after she became famous!!!! Holy fuck, go bears :))))))) A. Im at memorial gym rn (4/18 6pm) and the boy doing abs across from me is fiiiiiine. You’re doing abs with your eyes closed so I don’t think you can see me trying to make eye contact but hi. I’m also pretty sure you don’t realize how cute you are but sir your muscles are v nice. You’re wearing tan vans so if that is you, you cute

B. Ok I’m not kidding please tag him if you know who this is and I will date him. He was at memorial stadium gym at 6pm on April 18th and he was fire. Pretty sure he does not know that he is one of the hottest guys at cal which makes him 1849371568x cuter. He was wearing tan vans and he’s Asian and he did triceps while I was doing bicep curls and then he did abs while I was doing abs. His muscles are huge and he was doing abs with his eyes closed so I’m pretty sure he didn’t see me watching him but like wow I couldn’t stop. Please help me find him!!! i hooked up with this guy last friday and as we were about to have sex i told him i was a virgin and he said “i should probably make this special huh” and the next words out of his mouth were “hey google play music from the shrek 2 soundtrack” and i proceeded to lose my virginity to accidentally in love by counting crows (WHOLESOME WEDNESDAY)

A. Ana Mancia is super cute and such a great friend. I love the work she does for the community and think she is one of the few real people I have met at Cal.

B. Nicholette Tolmie, you’re my best friend and I’m in love with you.

C. Nishant Mishra is so gosh darn attractive. Someone tell me -- is he single???

D. Tim Sun is a cool guy

E. Audrey Litvak is one of the nicest and friendliest people I’ve ever met. It seems like she’s smiling all the time and she always brightens my day. I feel like I have been really thriving these past half semester, and I would say it is all because of you. You gave me the push to become a better version of myself and I am so, so, so immensely grateful that this ever happened. You are the one of the very best things that have happened to me, and I want to keep it that way. I want you to stay in my life. I wish you had known how much you mean to me.

You didn't even need to push me directly to make me a better person. Because of you, I want to be a better person. I worked so much harder towards the me that I want to become, the me who would perhaps draw your attention to my brilliance. I want to win over you with my brilliance but I am not sure how to even tell you that.

I wish I'd find the courage to tell you that you would mean the world to me. I wish I'd grow some balls to tell you that you have caught my eye since day one, and you have caught my heart for some time now. I want you to know that, you are my pillar, my listener, my rock, and I would do the same for you.

Oh God, it scares me to no end to think that perhaps I love you already, without knowing if you feel the same. It scares me to love someone, especially someone as great as you. It was getting late and I was thinking about how this girl was coming over and how we were gunna fuck and in my head I'm like "ughh we gunna have to transpose first thats so annoying". And then I realized were not two matrices about to perform SVD eigendecomposition its just sex.

Congrats Sahai, you've successfully turned me into a bot. I'm currently in one of the more popular DeCals on campus, and it's really not all that it's hyped up to be. Not gonna name the class, but just know that it's one of the VERY popular and VERY well-known ones that a bunch of my friends applied for, but only I got into. The course content is boring (basically just reading off slides), and also whenever I ask questions, I feel like I'm being belittled by the course staff. Like one of the facilitators actually acts like she's a kindergarten teacher and we're all her kids and does all this gimmick-y stuff to make us participate, but she doesn't realize that it's really awkward and it would be much better if she treated us like the actual adults we are. Like bro, this is probably why you guys got less applications this year HMMMM. There's this guy I've seen around since last semester. He used to have such a beautiful smile. Not in the "perfect teeth handsome frat boi" way, but pure, innocent happiness. When he smiled at me in passing it felt like the world had melted into spring. Over time, though, his smile has faded. Just today I saw him on campus and smiled at him and he just stared back, blank and emotionless.

I really hope that you overcome whatever has stolen your smile. I'm too shy to talk to you, and you probably wouldn't like someone randomly coming up to you anyway, so this is all I can do. I just want you to know that someone cares and worries about your happiness, even if it's only a stranger. I don't know what to do. I've always had a healthy relationship with food and even though there were things about my body that I didn't love and would like to change, I had a healthy relationship with my body too, but I took a midterm recently that I feel went pretty poorly. Before the midterm I told my friend we should grab food together afterward, but I felt so shit about myself for doing so badly, I didn't want to. We still went out, but after I felt so fat and ashamed of myself that I couldn't get the though out of my head that I don't deserve food. I know that's crazy and I know I'm not "fat" but when I look in the mirror that's all I see. My friends invited me out to dinner and I didn't say no because I know they already worry about how little I eat on a regular basis, but the whole time I was eating I felt so bad about myself. Since then, I haven't eaten except a smoothie, some fruit and a couple crackers and it's been about a week. I know how bad that is, but I can't get myself to eat because when I do, I just feel ashamed. I want to tell someone, but I'm embarrassed. I don't want anyone to think I'm just looking for attention, but more importantly I don't want to be a burden. I know my friends will worry about me, but they shouldn't have to because they have midterms and their own issues. What do I do? I keep saying it'll pass. It's only been a week so should I worry? Is this how eating disorders develop? There is this girl in my Scandinavian R5B class who is the WORST. It's clear that she thinks she's super smart and intelligent because whenever she speaks she uses super big words for absolutely no reason. She is constantly talking about the ~super~ hard work she is doing in her other classes. Today she goes "I'm concerned that we only have 6 required sources for this research paper. I used 25 sources for my research paper in my other class so I'm not sure why it's just 6 for this one." Like excuse me can you get of your high horse and stop acting so pretentious. We get it YOU'VE DONE RESEARCH. This is an intro to reading and writing course. I just really want her to see this because this b*tch has been annoying me all semester. So my best friend and I had a huge fight where she said some pretty mean stuff and honestly, I don’t know if I can be friends with her after the things she said because I’m so worried that if I forgive her and I go back there, she’ll say even worse things to me and I don’t know if I can handle that. But I miss her so fucking much because she was there for me through times no one else was and I love her to death. She was honestly like my sister for years and now we’re not talking. I just don’t know what to do because I feel so alone here and she was one of the only people I had, but all this happened and we’ve been up and down for a bit, but this was kind of the last straw. God I’m a fucking mess but I just miss her... this shit hurts. I kind of feel like it’s worse to lose a best friend than a boyfriend, so I’m just really struggling here and this school is not making things any easier. I can’t believe there are people at UC Berkeley — one of the TOP SCHOOLS IN THE WORLD! — who still believe that trees exist. One of my closest friends is a botanist, and a few years ago she explained to me that trees were invented a decade or two ago, which has only been confirmed many times from other friends I have in the field. The way it’s been explained to me is that, somewhere in the late 90’s–early 2000’s, it was discovered that the oxygen rate was declining rapidly. Different species of bushes and rocks were hybridized to create the multiple different breeds of trees you can find worldwide. Then, the UN launched a program to plant all these trees within the span of just one year to improve the oxygen rates(I’ve heard a lot of different years, so my information’s a little spotty here, but it was somewhere between 2003–2006). Since then, trees have been crossbred with fungi, flowers, a few omnivorous mammals, and even a few sea creatures to produce the most obedient form of tree that money can create. As soon as someone steps out of the government’s good graces, the trees are activated.
The idea that trees take decades to grow is a myth, too! The saplings, or more accurately “tiny trees,” were planted in that size and just don’t grow, so that the governments can keep perpetuating. I hope this warning goes public, if only to prove that *I* haven’t been consumed by a tree sleeper agent. Anyone else annoyed by people on Overheard posting things their friends say?? Like when people post about conversations with friends that they’re apart of?? Or text messages where their friend says something semi-funny and you can see them just reply “overheard”?? At least crop that part out! Do you want people to know how hungry for likes you are? I know it’s allowed and everything but how is that overhearing? The whole funny thing about overheard conversations is that you’re not part of it and you have no context. I know this is dumb but it irritates me.

[Admin's Note: yes] I wish there was some kindof tutoring service to get better oral/fingering cuz ngl i know im shit at it. I have a mountain of work to do..legit seems impossible yet I just choose to jack off for a good hour or two..and then I wonder why tf I’m fucking up/ going to die alone. Sometimes I just sit and wonder how the hell people get their work done and most of time on social media I see people out partying, getting high,drunk or always out and about and I'm a loser struggling with 2.6 GPA who doesn't go at all...I'm not saying this to be mean to them, I'm just saying..teach me your ways..please... My boyfriend has never shown an interest in making me cum. I showed him I had a dildo a while back and he seemed to get weird about it but never really talked about it. He finally admitted that he felt some type of way about it and apologized and said sorry for not pleasing me, but also to this day when we have sex he just takes care of himself and then falls asleep so like...are you even sorry tho? 😂 I had a really hot science teacher when I was in middle school and I used to purposely make him mad because I got such a rush out of getting scolded by him. I wonder if he’s still single because I kind of am still down to fuck him. If you know who I am, then please refrain from exposing me.

I am of the belief that I am a (for the most part) wholesome, Asian boy who has never experienced romance or sex or drugs or alcohol. I play League of Legends; watch anime, kdramas, and chinese love movies; and participate in endurance sports. I also secretly (although I don't know how secretly) watch porn and read H-Manhuas (SStudy anyone?) at night. Raised in a strict Christian Asian family and environment, I was told and am told that I should not date (or do drugs/alcohol) in school. Instead, I was told and am told to focus on my studies and extracurriculars.

The problem is that I am prone to catching feelings for girls quite easily if they fit my type. To solve this, I will try to become a fkboi.

Pros:
1. I will not date anyone so I avoid my parent's wrath and worry and don't have problems with my mental health surrounding girls 
2. It will motivate me to become the ideal man who can cook, is funny, fit, smart, makes a lot of money, has style, good eyebrows and hair, can sing well, play guitar or piano, and smells good (bonus: if i learn how to dance)
3. I get better in bed and can please the woman of my dreams if I find her.
4. No letdowns, broken hearts, or commitment. 
5. Finally quit the toxic game of League and watching porn

Cons: 
1. Might come off as abhorrent to some. 
2. Won't develop a solid relationship with any girls

Moreover, I don't feel like these things - my honest feelings and actions line or will line up with Christian beliefs at all. So I think I'm going to leave the faith. Can anyone else think of more pros or more cons? Any objections or criticisms? Anything you don't think was fleshed out enough/need explanation for? Leave your comments down in the comments section. Don't forget to like and subscribe! Stepping on the seal is just an excuse that people use so that they have something to blame for when they're too dumb to achieve a 4.0 GPA...

Having said that, I stepped on the seal at the beginning of my freshman year...which is why my GPA is a 2.5 im studying in one of the study rooms in unit 1 rn and i can hear a girl playing the piano and singing in the practice room right across from the study room. as much as it is annoying (the practice room is very much NOT soundproof) she is very talented and it sounds like she's enjoying herself a lot. to this girl and honestly anybody that has the courage and resolution to practice music in such a "public" location: good for you and keep having fun. to berkeley housing: please better soundproof your practice rooms Dear people in one of the rooms above 188 in Martinez. Unless you are going to throw down the Juul as well please stop throwing your empty juul pods into the courtyard. I’m assuming you’re the same person who littered it with food a few months ago and puked down right in front of the door splattering it onto the window and door. Just please try to make it to the trash can with all your extra items. I’m getting tired of dodging puke and pods. All you undersexed overprivileged bags of swine shit bragging about your AirPods, you should know that those devices have been directly linked to early hearing loss due to the damage they do on the intricate fine hair cells in your ear. Those cells are unique in that they do not grow back after being destroyed.

So blast your AirPods! The sooner you go deaf, the better. Even the cafeteria chef knows what type of food that I dislike (not related to a specific food, but a specific way that the food is cooked), but my dear mommy still cooks food in that way when she visits me (once/ twice per year), even if she knows how much I dislike the thing. I guess I should be grateful that at least she cooks, but I'm not. It is one thing when your favorite food is not remembered/ acknowledged, but appears to not remember your least favorite and still cooks it the only time you get to have some home food, sounds like a power struggle is happening.
 I was born a male but I secretly enjoy wearing women’s clothes. Almost everyday after class I come home and immediately throw on my cutest bra, my skimpiest panties, one of numerous crop tops, and my extra short skirt. And I look so good as a woman! From the comfort of my own room I shove a big dildo up my ass and fantasize about a ripped frat bro pinning me down and having his way with me. I want to make this dream come true, but I’m too scared to act on it. I’ve only told two other people about this side of me, and they encourage me to dress up and explore my emotions, but I’m scared that if I explore too much I’ll want to stay a woman forever. A part of me really wants that, but it would just be too hard to change everything about my life now. So I guess this will just be my sexy little secret forever. A lot of my friends and I love to go to events/raves but if there's one thing for sure that I would never do, is roll without my boyfriend.

People say that events should be about your friends/having a good time, but there's something about the e that makes me want to share it with him. I know he knows that I don't like doing it without him and everything, and part of me wants to think he feels the same way.

But as much as people will say you don't need your significant other to have fun. You can't say that getting to be with them, while in love and on e love, is a magical feeling.

I feel bad because sometimes I think he feels bad that if he doesn't go to an event with me he'll feel bad because I won't roll but honestly I really wouldn't want to do it without him. He seems to believe that I only want him at events so I can roll, but honestly I could go without it. I just want to spend time with him, and honestly with how busy we are, sometimes events are really the only times we get to see each other as sad as it is.

I could take a whole orange tesla or blue fortnite, but nothing would bring me more joy than being able to listen to our favorite artists together, pill or no pill. Hell, just being able to have you with me, it's all I need. I'll take the oxytocin I produce with you, than any man-made boost in serotonin.

If you're reading this, I miss you, and I hope that you realize you're more than just a ravebae and I'm sorry you feel this way. It's my fault for making you feel this way, and I hope you can forgive me. I'll be moving into an apartment with three other girls next year. I was talking to my mom about each of my roomates (what they're like, etc.) She was like "are any of them lesbians?" And warned me to be careful because you 'can never really know'. Jokes on you mom. I'm the lesbian roomate. Low key I’ve always wanted to be in a truth or dare game that goes to the next level. You’d think this might happen at my club’s retreats but no, not yet. I can see it now... first someone is dared to give a massage for 20 seconds, then the next person is dared to kiss or touch their neighbor, then it turns to people stripping in a dimmly-lit room and soaping each other in the shower. Before you know it it becomes one of those college experiences. Crossed off the bucket list....and crossed off a few more times during dead week, maybe after the last final exam. But how in the world does one make this a reality... I was leaving moffitt around 2 am when I noticed a guy watching porn on his phone. He noticed that I saw what he was doing and just turned to me and winked. Maybe I was sleep deprived, but that really turned me on. Hopefully I see him in moffitt again. Whenever I'm responding to regrade requests on Gradescope that are on the fence, I'll look up the student on facebook to see whether or not they're hot. To the guy freestyling in front of Dwinelle at around 4pm of 4/22, you were spitting fire dude Javascript lovers are they type of guys who get a boner when someone accidently touches their arm I just want to be able to scroll through my damn news feed without all the repressed-ass erotica fanfiction. You fuckers write like you materialized straight out of 50 Shades of Gray, complete with the borderline non-consensual shit and a roll tide slapped on top for good measure. If I have to read about bodily fluids in graphic quantitative detail one more time, I’m yeeting the fuck out of here. So the AFX showcase was this past Sunday and I went to my first showcase ever not expecting anything but DAMNNN my wig was snatched when I saw the first group perform then the Velociraptors and more. LIKE Holy SHIT I did not realize how hot dancers can be (inclusive of all genders). Like everyone was popping and locking or doing weird flips and other body rolls and damn I was jealous and maybe a little turned on. Go Bears.

p.s congrats to everyone who performed y'alls were amazeballs. I love you. I’m currently taking Econ 100A and I just want to say our professor Max Auffhammer is AMAZING. He’s great because he’s energetic and humorous and gives great lectures and cares about his students. But more importantly, he’s been struggling with health issues but he still tries really hard to make it to lectures just to teach us. I feel really bad for him whenever he says he doesn’t feel good today and apologizes to us. Whenever I think about him, I feel bad skipping class since I feel lazy because he never skips lectures regardless of his health problem (we do have a back up lecturerer for him). Today he didn’t feel good and he said there’re parents listening to this lecture; he promised to them that Berkeley education was way better than this lecture bc we don’t usually have sick professors. But Max, YOU ARE ONE OF THE GREATEST PROFS I HAVE MET AT CAL. I just want to say thank you so much Max and it’s Berkeley’s fortune to have you here!! Also hope you can get better soon :) 